the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
borderline cardiomegaly. midline sternotomy . enlarged pulmonary arteries. clear lungs. inferior .
no displaced rib fractures, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. there are irregular opacities in the left lung ape, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung ape.there are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present. small t-spine osteophytes. there is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. mildly hyperepanded lungs.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. basilar atelectasis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical arthritis.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an interim cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there has been apparent interval increase in low density conveity at the left cardiophrenic . calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. no acute bone abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. otherwise, there is no focal opacity. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. no acute osseous findings.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. no focal airspace disease or effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well epanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothora or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. calcified lingular granuloma. no focal consolidations or pleural effusions. no pneumothora. breast implants there is a moderate wedge deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, t, age-indeterminate.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora large pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are epanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. there is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis.
the heart is within normal limits in size. surgical suture material projects over the right lung ape. the lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. there is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothora.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lungs are overall hyperepanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable left . no evidence of pneumothora. no large pleural effusions.
borderline heart size. elevated left diaphragm. clear right lung. tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. etensive airspace disease in the left base. no large effusion or pneumothora.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. bony thora and soft tissue grossly unremarkable
suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchitic/bronchiolitis changes. no suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or chf. stable mediastinal contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild blunting of right costophrenic . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. left aillary surgical clips. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is hyperepansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in right mid lung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mild hyperepansion of the lungs. numerous bilateral rib deformities. no focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. no pneumothora or effusion. large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior eamination. mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is within normal limits. coronary artery stent noted. no edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is an mm nodule in the left lower lobe, calcified granuloma. there is no pneumothora or effusion. bony structures of the thora are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. the aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. there is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. there are severe degenerative changes of the .
a lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung . lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
there etremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
lung lines remain low. however, no focal infiltrates are identified. heart and pulmonary are normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the tracheostomy tube tip is cm above the carina. there are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. there is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothora is appreciated. cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
stable appearance of hiatal hernia. clear right lung .in the left superior lower lobe there is a . . cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. normal cardiac contour. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. this most due to old histoplasmosis. heart size is normal. lungs clear
status post sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph . normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
status post sternotomy and cabg. heart size is normal. coronary vascular stent. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. calcified mediastinal lymph . normal pulmonary vascularity. degenerative changes of the spine.
stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
images. heart size upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. the patient is mildly rotated. there is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothora which measures approimately . cm. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. left chest is clear. no definite displaced bony injury is seen. results called . p.m. , .
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. deformity of the right clavicle related to remote is again seen. visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
chest. both lungs are clear and epanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. , disc spaces, and alignment are normal. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no displaced fracture identified.
rib films. no fractures or dislocations. chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothora. minimal degenerative disease thoracic spine
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is upper limits of normal in size. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
improved basilar aeration. persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. lungs otherwise clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. changes of emphysema. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
the heart size is stable. the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. sternotomy are again noted. the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior eam. there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. the calcified granulomas are stable.
apparent scarring within the lingula. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
stable silhouette. no pneumothora. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion. unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. no fractures.
heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
heart size normal. right lung clear. minimal basilar atelectasis on the left
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. left aillary surgical clips unchanged visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
lumbar spine. no fractures. no dislocations. disc spaces are normal. no degenerative disease. clips in the gallbladder region. thoracic spine. no fractures or dislocations. no significant degenerative disease. chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion or pneumothora.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. no pleural effusion, pneumothora or focal airspace disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a moderate sized right pneumothora. this measures . cm at the level the right ape.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. negative for pneumoperitoneum. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison eam and within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. there are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. small t-spine osteophytes are noted.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
normal heart and mediastinum. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is again mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are stable. patient is somewhat rotated. the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. opacities compatible with atelectasis. no large effusion is seen. there is no focal consolidation. pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. there are bilateral degenerative changes of the with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. correlate clinically.
normal heart size. clear, hyperaerated lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac contour is within normal limits. compared to prior eam, there is prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. this may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. ct chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits. stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora. mild blunting of the costophrenic bilaterally.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. there is mild increase in perihilar markings related to patient is history bronchitis. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. no change chronic interstitial lung disease.
previous lower spine cervical fusion. lungs are overall hyperepanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. these may represent on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
stable postsurgical changes. heart , mediastinum and lung are unremarkable. stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
comparison , . no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no pneumothora. visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
no comparison chest -. minimal lingular scarring. overall, well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. soft tissue density identified in the medial right ape which is asymmetric compared to left.
large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. small right pleural effusion. right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. sternotomy changes are again noted. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left lung base. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are overall hyperepanded with flattening of the diaphragms. no focal consolidation. prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. this appearance is overall not significantly . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. these are unchanged since the previous eamination. both lungs are free of active infiltrates. heart size normal.
the lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. a lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. the lungs are hyperepanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is normal. calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. this most represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
right costophrenic is blunted. in the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. the pulmonary are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. pulmonary vascularity is normal.&gt;] lung volumes are low. no focal airspace disease or effusion. epansile lesion of the right posterior th rib represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma.
the lungs are clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. nodular density overlying the anterior left th rib represents a healing rib fracture.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no edema or effusions.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. no pneumothora.
there is a right ij central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior svc. cardiac silhouette is normal size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is a small right pleural effusion. otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. prominent ascending aorta. calcified left hilar .
in the interval, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. heart size is now normal. no infiltrates.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left and right . osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. the right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. no fractures or bone destruction.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. mild opacities in the retrocardiac region. no large effusions or pneumothora.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. scattered of left base atelectasis are noted. left -a- is in with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring . cm projecting through the posterior th and th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph . the pleural spaces are clear.
there are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. there is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring . cm projecting through the posterior th and th ribs. this may be artifact. chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. heart and pulmonary appear normal. there are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph . the pleural spaces are clear.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothora.
there is some minimal biapical scarring. a calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
both lungs are clear and epanded. an old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
eam is technically limited by patient is body habitus. lung volumes are decreased. no evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is stable.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
elevated right hemidiaphragm. clear lungs. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. generative changes within the spine. in the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge of a vertebral body.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. calcified bilateral hilar lymph , greater on the left. no acute osseous findings.
there is a left-sided picc with tip at the caval atrial junction. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left , to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest ct. stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
mild cardiomegaly unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. minimal left basal airspace opacity. unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic , scarring versus effusion. no pneumothora. no acute osseous findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size is enlarged. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. calcification is seen within the aortic . interstitial opacities. there are no nodules or masses. stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. no visible pneumothora. bilateral costophrenic blunting, left worse than right. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left ape and right base. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. no visualized pneumothora or large pleural effusion. multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact. a mm stable right apical nodule.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. increased opacities on lateral projection reflect bronchovascular crowding. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. no evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. prior granulomatous disease.
. no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. no pneumothora. . mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. . small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased compared to prior chest radiograph. left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a cm focal opacity in the right lung ape incompletely evaluated by this eam. there is minimal left basilar opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. no displaced rib fracture is evident.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
low lung volumes. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
this is an apical lordotic view the chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size upper limits of normal. small amount of left basilar airspace disease. the right lung is clear. there are no cavitary lesions seen. no pneumothora. no pleural effusions.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are hyperepanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. there is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior eaminations. no acute bony abnormality. no pneumothora or pneumomediastinum.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . there are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
ap and lateral view of the chest.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
stable normal heart size. elevated right diaphragm. lungs are clear.
chest comparison: there is a . cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac . there may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart is borderline enlarged. the aorta is dilated and tortuous. arthritic changes of the spine are present. pelvis and left hip there is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. no pelvic fracture is seen. arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. large amount of stool and obscures portions of the pelvis. femur the femoral images do not the area of the hip fracture. the remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. etensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present. left knee there is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. no fracture is seen. no dislocation is identified. severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size normal. slightly tortuous calcified aorta. no pneumothora or effusion. no evidence of aortic transection.
there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
normal heart size. clear lungs. trachea is midline. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
chest: stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. healed remote left th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
chest: stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. hyperlucent apices. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. healed remote left th rib fracture. right shoulder: negative for fracture or dislocation.
stable cardiomegaly. sternotomy are intact. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. calcific density in the left mid to upper lung represents old granulomatous disease. no focal consolidation. stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar detroscoliosis.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal - of chest.
heart size is unchanged. aortic calcification is noted. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. there are unchanged opacities throughout the lungs which represent scarring. lungs are hyperepanded.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. left-sided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothora. numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. the dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. there is no pleural effusion.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. atherosclerotic aorta. mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. no confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
clear lungs. normal heart. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. old right rib fractures.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart is enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. surgical is noted in the right upper quadrant. subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma . no pleural effusion, pneumothora or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia.
atrial septal occluder artifact. rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. densities in the left base, small focal opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic . biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right th rib contour deformity. no pneumothora seen.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no layering pleural effusion or pneumothora seen on decubitus eam.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
heart upper limits normal. lungs are clear. no effusions. no nodules masses or infiltrates. no bony abnormalities.
chest. there is no change in the strandy scarring in the right ape. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum remain normal. lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at l-l. elements from l through s are sclerotic. sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. calcific aortic disease is present.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size normal and lungs are clear
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most pneumonia. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring . . cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are ecluded.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild hyperinflation is noted. there are granulomatous sequela. no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. the costophrenic are ecluded.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
redemonstration of moderate left pneumothora which is unchanged from comparison. left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left th and th ribs. no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. scattered thoracic spine spurring.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
midline sternotomy identified. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. osseous structures are grossly intact.
overall hyperepanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. there are advanced degenerative changes in the bilaterally. there is a mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic a margins.
no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures appear intact.
no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. no significant interval change compared to prior study, no infiltrates noted.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic .
endotracheal tube and ng tube have been removed. mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothora. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
there is a right upper lobe opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. no definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. mild biapical scarring is identified. there is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on of . however, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. no discrete projectile visualized. contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. contrast also probably within the left colon.
heart size is top normal. tortuous aorta. no edema. patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. no pneumothora. right hilar surgical clips.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. calcified left suprahilar . the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. normal pulmonary vascularity. no overt edema.
heart size appears within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, representing a hiatal hernia. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest tip in the low svc. monitoring device artifacts. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear. there are multiple surgical seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is a screw in the right shoulder. the soft tissues are normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the pa view. this is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
sternotomy mediastinal clips noted. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is deformity of t, since - thoracic spine , . mild deformity of t, stable. prior cholecystectomy.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
limited lateral projection. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
heart size normal. lungs clear. hiatal hernia. no effusion the or pneumothora. no pneumonia
cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. the lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. there is mild, opacity projected over the left lung base. this is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact. small hiatal hernia.
heart size within normal limits. mild hyperinflation of the lungs. mild pectus ecavatum deformity. stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothora or large effusion.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature again noted.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. rectal balloon is noted. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. there is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. bilateral pleural thickening is noted. there are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, chronic atelectasis.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is atelectasis. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion .
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. a total of images were obtained. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. there is atelectasis. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion .
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
stable appearing right-sided the opacities. there is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
chest. the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. thoracic spine. the eamination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. there is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. sternum. the eamination consists of oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. no displaced fracture demonstrated.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. left-sided aortic . pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. central airways are . no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of ./. diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. there is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. there are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. no evidence of pneumothora. dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
low lung volumes. normal heart size. the trachea is midline. lungs are clear. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. old fusion of approimately t-t.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. mm right apical granuloma unchanged
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacity.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
there are opacities in the left lung, subsegmental atelectasis. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal reflect epicardial fat and overlying breast tissue. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial markings the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the lungs are clear. heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. no osseous abnormalities.
there is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. calcified mediastinal lymph . prominent right paratracheal stripe. emphysema. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are mildly hyperepanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size is normal. left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen on the lateral
a left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in with its distal tip at the right atrium. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
minimal opacities at the posterior sulci. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. otherwise, the lungs are clear with granulomas and sulci. heart size upper normal thin lv contour.unfolded calcified aorta. t-spine small osteophytes.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
comparison , well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. diaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
two-view chest. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. right foot. hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. cannot eclude early pulmonary edema. two airspace consolidation or effusion. are osteopenic. no visible pneumothora.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable. there are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. pulmonary vascularity normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart size is enlarged. the aorta is tortuous. the pulmonary vasculature appears normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no bony abnormalities.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora or large pleural effusions. left basilar patchy opacities. small hiatal hernia.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lungs are hyperepanded. minimal scarring in both lower lobes. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the trachea is midline. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. heart silhouette is not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph . there is no pneumothora
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
lung volumes are low. prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. no pleural air collections. heart size normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the right heart appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
heart size is upper limits of normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses.
lungs remain clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. right aortic with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. this is a normal variant seen in one of patients. no evidence of tuberculosis
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal consolidation or pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation. calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection. the heart is normal. arthritic changes the spine are seen.
left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. normal heart size. right picc is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly. left lung clear. large right effusion. compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
minimal atelectasis right base. no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal.
there has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. moderate cardiomegaly is identified. there is mild calcification of the transverse . airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
the eamination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. eternal monitor leads the thora. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. stable prominent ovoid opacity (. . ) a large left upper lobe , reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous ct chest study from . no areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora.
normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
comparison , clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size is normal. there is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. questionable small right midlung nodule. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. changes of prior right mastectomy.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. a hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. are grossly unremarkable.
heart size and vascularity are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothora.
low lung volumes. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or effusions.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. interval resolution of left effusion. central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
there is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. there is no pneumothora. heart size is normal. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well epanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothora or effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph suggesting prior granulomatous disease. the bony structures of the thora are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
there is a nodular density at the left lung base. lungs are otherwise clear. the ct scan without iv contrast could be performed for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
mediastinal contours are normal. blunting of the left costophrenic . increased interstitial opacities. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora. no effusions. multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
rotated with low lung volumes. question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient is history of pulmonary fibrosis. unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in .
there is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal for age. there is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator repair on the right.
bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. postsurgical changes of the chest including cabg procedure, stable. stable valve artifact. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no large pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. nodular right lower lobe opacity, nipple . contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right th rib again noted, stable.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
normal heart size. clear lungs. multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild detrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable calcified granulomas. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and cabg markers. stable densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion. no bony abnormality. vague density in right mid lung, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. not visualized on lateral eam.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
calcified granuloma periphery left lung. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. there are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior eam. no pneumothora. heart size upper limits of normal. the left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower svc. the feeding tube has been placed in the interval and etends below the diaphragm and below the -of-view.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
normal heart size. tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there is no definite evidence of acute fracture.
lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothora. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. visualized osseous structures intact.
the heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. there is no evidence of apical disease. are unchanged from previous eam and appear normal. thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
sternotomy appear intact. borderline heart size. aortic calcification noted. calcified mediastinal lymph unchanged. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is hyperepansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
borderline heart size. calcified aorta. no active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. there is cardiomegaly. the contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. the lungs appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear
small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. also small perihilar calcified lymph . lungs are clear. no active parenchymal disease. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
heart size is within normal limits. emphysematous changes. focal pleural thickening in the left ape is scarring. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . there is no focal infiltrate. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
the lungs remain hyperepanded. no infiltrates or masses. heart and mediastinum are normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
cardiac silhouette within normal limits. no edema or airspace consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
no focal consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
on the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. i do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. ap view of the femur shows no femoral destructive process or other significant abnormality. for of the left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. no fracture or destructive process is identified. surgical markers were in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. pa and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. there may be some hyperinflation. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal in size. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures appear normal.
the lungs appear clear. no evidence of focal pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. there is suture material at the left ape suggesting prior lung surgery. in the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal.
concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. this can be further characterized with a of the chest. no confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion.
there is stable mild cardiac enlargement. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. there is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is a calcified granuloma left midlung. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. there are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be lung nodule.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen. no radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
mild cardiomegaly. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
there is a approimately cm opacity with one margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the pa view. this is not definitely seen on the lateral view. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there are t-spine osteophytes. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are calcified hilar lymph there
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. right lower lung patchy opacities. small right pneumothora. small right pleural effusion.
normal heart size. mild tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is a nodule in the right ape projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. lungs are hyperepanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. scattered densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. chronic blunting of the costophrenic . healed right th and left th posterolateral rib fracture.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. there degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. the bony structures of the thora are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild pectus ecavatum deformity is noted. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the . stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is identified. the heart is normal. there are calcifications of the aortic . the skeletal structures are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
left picc line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and svc; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. there is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. large lung volumes with widened ap diameter of the chest, due to copd; recommend clinical correlation. diffuse bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. no evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusion/pneumothora. there is degenerative changes at the joints. osteopenia. degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. gastrostomy tube is noted.
there is flattening of hemidiaphragms. there are prominent interstitial markings. there is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. the heart is of the first limits of normal size. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. the aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. scar in the right lateral midlung. adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. sternotomy intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
broken of the , similar to the prior study. stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. unremarkable bony structure.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. multiple granulomas. no acute bony abnormalities.
patient is slightly rotated. normal heart size. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. mediastinal contours unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. right lung is clear. opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothora. bony structures unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral eamination. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
chest. lungs are clear and epanded. heart normal. left knee. no change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approimately . cm . cm in diameter. no pneumothora. no pleural effusions. lungs clear. heart size within normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
. there is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. . heart size and pulmonary appear normal . mediastinal contours are normal
chest. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. abdomen. no pneumoperitoneum. there is a normal bowel pattern. air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. no abnormally dilated small bowel loops. no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. no pathologic calcifications over the abdomen or pelvis. are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this eam.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. stable opacity in the left base, scarring or atelectasis. rounded calcified density in the left lung base, calcified granuloma. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable degenerative changes of the spine.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
two left-sided chest tubes again noted. interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. right lung clear. endotracheal tube noted with tip approimately . cm above the carina. left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approimating the high svc. no evidence of pneumothora.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. normal heart size. increased retrosternal airspace. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is prominence of the right heart , consistent with right atrial enlargement. a density is demonstrated on the frontal view with eaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. the cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. the mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. mild pulmonary hyperepansion. mild left apical pleural thickening. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. /.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
normal heart. calcified right hilar granulomas. no focal infiltrate. midline trachea.
calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma / histoplasmoma. a few calcified right hilar lymph . lungs overall well epanded and clear. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary and interstitium. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal. old rib fractures, healed. stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is due to hiatal hernia seen on eamination.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. no pleural line of pneumothora.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs. a small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic region. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. eaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thora, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior rd and th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen skin fold artifact. mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. contour irregularity of the lateral right th rib of indeterminate age.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothora, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs. no effusion
right thora volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. relative hyperlucency of left lung, compensatory hyperinflation. diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right pulmonary artery, as noted on prior ct. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
there is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient is known thyroid mass. there is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal opacification. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. there is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
there is s-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. there are t-spine osteophytes. opacity in the left lower lobe represents atelectasis or scarring. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified hilar lymph .
no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
there is scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart size is within normal limits. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. an accessory azygos fissure is noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. clear lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
heart and mediastinum are normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. bony structures are intact.
lung volumes are . opacities are present in both lung bases. a hiatal hernia is present. heart and pulmonary are normal.
no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. decubitus - be informative. no evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. stable scarring in the right lung ape.
stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. volume loss in the left lung, stable. right lung is clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild scarring at the right ape. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased ap chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. there is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. calcified granuloma in the right ape.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. scattered calcified granulomas. hyperepanded lungs. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or effusion. degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the lung zones are clear. there are no bony abnormalities
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are a few scattered calcified granulomas. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. partially visualized orif involving the left proimal humerus. deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote . no displaced rib fractures on this chest eamination.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. there is right upper lobe airspace disease. there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approimately mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size upper normal but stable. mediastinal contours within normal limits. minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. calcified hilar lymph sequela of prior granulomatous disease. hyperinflated lungs. the otherwise lungs are clear. the bilateral apices are partially ecluded from the -of-view. there is the interval fiation of the right humeral fracture, appears grossly intact. osteopenia. eaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. right base densities are again noted which appear improved. previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. there continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. an air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. etensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. no definite pneumothora is seen.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
eam limited by patient rotation. mild rightward deviation of the trachea. stable cardiomegaly. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the visualized are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. the lungs are clear.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
right-sided perihilar calcified lymph and infracarinal calcified lymph . these represent previous granulomatous disease. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
there are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is atherosclerosis of the aortic . unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
the heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. again noted is and left midlung airspace opacity atelectasis. there is left basilar opacity atelectasis as well. there is improved right midlung opacity. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. sternotomy are intact. etensive atherosclerotic disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. no definite pleural line of pneumothora visualized. there is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
heart size within normal limits. no abnormal mediastinal widening. no edema. no focal consolidation. blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a right pleural effusion. no pneumothoraces. flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine.
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. etensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mildly enlarged heart. tortuous aorta. aortic calcifications. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
there are t-spine osteophytes. there calcified costochondral cartilages. there is loss of disc of a midthoracic vertebral body. there are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothora. the heart is borderline enlarged.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the right chest tip is visualized in the mid svc. there is no pneumothora. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. clips overlie the right medial hilum.
heart size is normal. slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no effusions or pneumonia
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. calcified left hilar lymph /granulomas. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. old fracture, right mid clavicle.
right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. heart size at the upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. no visualized pneumothora. prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses.
heart size normal. right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. picc line is in . the tip is in the upper right atrium.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion.
sternotomy are in and intact. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the bilateral costophrenic are ecluded from the image on the pa view. lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is an old healed fracture through the right th rib.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are epanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. are grossly intact.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. there is marked cardiomegaly. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, intact without complicating features. there is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities atelectasis and/or infiltrate. no focal consolidations, pneumothora, or pleural effusions. the visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no masses or suspicious nodules. are unremarkable.
there are broken st and rd- . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. left-sided aortic . central airways are . no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is no pulmonary nodule identified. there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy . the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are grossly normal.
there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. stable left lower lobe scarring. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. there is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, related to subpleural fat. the appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. mild detroscoliosis of the spine. prior anterior cervical fusion.
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the heart size is on the upper limits of normal. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
stable cardiomegaly. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. there is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. tortuous ectatic aorta. the aortic is near cm in diameter. there is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. there is biapical scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylitic changes.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. patient status post sternotomy and cabg.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. dual-lumen right ij catheter is identified without pneumothora. the lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar opacities adjacent atelectasis. there is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size normal. right lung clear. persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion.
heart size is normal. right lung is clear. granulomatous disease in the bilateral. subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear.
anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. no effusion. heart size is normal. lungs otherwise clear.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora. mild detrocurvature of the spine again noted.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. old healed left lateral rib fractures.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the spine.
clear lungs. normal heart mediastinum. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. nipple ring on left.
cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.
the heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. postsurgical changes of left hemithora are stable. skin have been removed since prior study study. the left apical pneumothora has resolved. there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. the right lung is grossly clear.
rotated eamination. tortuous aorta. moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. no pneumothora. mied nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with mm displacement of the distal fragment. limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. no cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. large hiatal hernia.
heart size is within normal limits. there are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. there is no pneumothora. there is a small left pleural effusion. abnormal conveity within the mediastinum represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior .
heart size is normal. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs clear. no effusions or pneumothora. limited degenerative change of the spine
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of chf. large lung volumes as before. no acute airspace disease. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
heart is at the upper limits of normal size. lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. no pneumothora or effusion. moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. stable mediastinal contour. calcified hilar lymph . visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
spinal stimulator in . lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. the pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. the lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. there are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. no displaced rib fractures. right nipple ring noted.
cardiomegaly stable. lungs clear. no edema or effusions
the heart is mildly enlarged. the aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. costophrenic are blunted.
there has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the epected location of the body of the stomach. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomegaly is present. the upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion is seen.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. no acute lung infiltrates. aortic appear unremarkable. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
. vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema . stable cardiomegaly . low lung volumes
there are low lung volumes. there is bronchovascular crowding. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothora. visualized osseous structures intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. cardiac valve replacement. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
picc line catheter tip in the right atrium. heart is not enlarged. trachea and bronchi appear normal. lungs are mildly under epanded. no pneumothora. there are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung . there is a larger area of patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
sternotomy are intact and unchanged position from prior eam. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
images. small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. otherwise the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right picc line is in . the tip has moved into the left innominate vein. there has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. the mediastinal contours are stable.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
cardiomegaly. no infiltrates or effusions. right catheter tip upper svc. the appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. there is been no change in position of the catheter since the prior eam.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior eamination. tubular densities overlying the heart are coronary artery stents. there are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior eam and represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
kub. centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the of which measure up to about . cm in diameter. there is also an etremely dilated in the same region which measures . cm in diameter. there is etensive soft tissue pannus. prior abdominal surgery. chest. there is left basilar opacity. no visualized pneumothora. the heart size is normal. there is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are no large pleural effusions. there is thickening of the fissure.
three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. the largest measures . mm in diameter. another nodule is present near the right hilum. it is approimately cm in diameter. the and mediastinum appear normal. heart size normal.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there are endplate changes in the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph and scattered calcified granulomas. stable degenerative changes in the spine.
the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion. postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
there is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. there is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung bilaterally. this is to be similar to scan. the heart is normal. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. this is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. no evidence for effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous eam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. no definite pleural effusion seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion. osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
there are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thora. there is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. deviation towards the left. right lung is hyperepanded. the right lung is clear. heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
the left lung is grossly clear. the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidation or pneumothora identified. no acute osseous abnormality. cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior eaminations.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are clear, hyperinflated. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm elevation with density near the right costophrenic most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous eam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
no pleural effusion, pneumothora or focal airspace opacities. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the included osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. bone demineralization. scoliosis which is possibly positional.
stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary . no active airspace disease/infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. calcified granuloma right upper lobe.
calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora. there is no focal opacity. no large pleural effusion. is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.
the lungs are mildly hyperepanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the lungs are mildly hyperepanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. heart size and shape are normal. trachea and bronchi appear normal. the lungs are reasonably well epanded. there and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung more marked on the right than the left. there is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. there is loss of definition of part of the left heart . no effusions no pneumothora.
stable scarring near the right lung ape along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
stable scarring near the right lung ape along the lateral aspect. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. hilar prominence appears stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. heart size is stable and grossly normal. there no acute bony findings.
slight cardiomegaly. calcified hilar lymph . no edema or effusions.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is mild scoliosis of the spine.
heart size normal and lungs are clear.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is bilateral basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis. there are somewhat low lung volumes. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis , . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. tips noted.
heart size is normal the lungs are clear
in the interval, a cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. it is not calcified. no other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and pulmonary are normal. are normal.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. however, there is a . cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. scattered calcified granulomas also seen. heart size is upper limit normal. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified stable right midlung granulomas.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is hyperepansion of the lungs. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
there is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. there is no apparent pneumothora. there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. there is stable right upper lung lucency. the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
no pneumothora. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
prominent hiatal hernia. left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. right pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema / overt chf identified. stable senescent mediastinal contour.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no acute bony changes.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
and lateral views of the chest were obtained /. the lung volumes are low normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
the heart and mediastinum are stable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no acute bony changes.
focal opacity in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view. no definite pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient is age. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. left -a- is in . no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right ape. on a previous outside scan (), the right upper lobe was consolidated. comparison to the from that eam shows this opacity to have decreased. no films were available, however, for direct comparison.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
there is stable scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. the heart size is near the upper limits of normal. mediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes are noted.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. negative for pneumothora. negative for focal air space consolidation. some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the lungs appear clear. scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph . the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs clear. heart size normal. flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, dish.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. no airspace consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. no pleural effusion is identified.
there is minimal hyperepansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion identified. opacity in the left subsegmental atelectasis. cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified lymph are present.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute abnormality.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. right -a- remains in .
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. no lymphadenopathy.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. normal heart. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. prominent right epicardial fat
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion identified.
sternotomy and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. there is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. stable widening of the upper mediastinum. stable cardiomegaly. prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. right suprahilar calcified lymph . right lung base calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mildly hyperepanded lungs. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are mildly hyperepanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal , atelectasis. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. overlying ekg leads.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. stable calcified granulomas. bony thora is unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, secondary to a skin fold. no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is hyperinflation. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
normal heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. scattered granulomas. no lobar pneumonia. probable post your recess effusions. kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. no suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. probable old lateral right rib fractures.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical . this is unchanged . the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
the heart size is enlarged. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is not enlarged. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and etensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic deformities, age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and etensive subchondral cystic change. no displaced rib fractures are visualized. diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic deformities, age-indeterminate. there is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute or destructive bone abnormality.
eam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size mildly enlarged. marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to eclude. no definite pleural effusion seen. osseous demineralization and eaggerated kyphosis, vp shunt tubing noted.
low lung volumes are noted. allowing for technical factors the heart size is normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, consistent with pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
overall low lung lines. there is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. in the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. no pneumothora. heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. degenerative changes in the spine.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior eam. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothora or large pleural effusion. scattered calcified granuloma. degenerative changes the spine.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. there is stable irregularity of the posterior left th rib which represents an old fracture.
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable splenic artery embolism coils.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. right lung is clear. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified left hilar lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis.
there are left upper lobe opacities. lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is as is within normal limits.
heart size is stable. there is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. there is no pneumothora or effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
both lungs are clear and epanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. incidental note of bilateral breast implants.
there are t-spine osteophytes. small nodule projecting near the left heart is unchanged from and appears calcified. this represents a calcified granuloma. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
stable heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. this low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease.
the lungs remain hyperepanded. there are persistent bilateral lower lobe opacities, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. no focal infiltrate is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. heart size within normal limits. calcified granulomas. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary , a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. borderline cardiac enlargement. tracheostomy tube tip . cm above the carina.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring and emphysematous changes noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is a opacity in the left lingula. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
etensive postop changes right upper chest wall. air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, within the pleural space. some mild right pleural thickening versus effusion. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour stable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
heart normal. lungs clear. calcified left lower lobe mm granuloma
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is no pneumothora. there is no pleural effusion. there is redemonstration of right rib deformities from old . of mild detroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. there is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the eamination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. frontal view is lordotic in projection. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. there is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. right hilar calcifications sequela of prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
stable prominence of the cardiac ape, from ventricular hypertrophy. mid sternotomy again noted. no pneumothora, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation. clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. detroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
heart size normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. lungs are clear. soft tissues and are unremarkable.
heart size is normal. left upper lobe atelectasis / infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. two venous catheter tips overlie the mid svc. small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left upper etremity pic catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle within the subclavian vein. there is no pneumothora. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. deformity of the lateral left th rib, old injury.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no radiodense foreign bodies noted. no acute osseous findings.
right lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
no pleural effusion no pneumothora. normal cardiac contour. no focal consolidation. lungs clear bilaterally.
minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left -a- remains in .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. callus or granulomas identified. left -a- remains in .
the trachea is midline. the heart is slightly large. there are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. in the left lung base, there is a mm nodule that not definitively calcified. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. these not contours appear normal. there is a fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. this vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. the age of this fracture is unknown. there are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. there is a healed left clavicle fracture.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. stable mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothora or large pleural effusions. opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. the posterior sulci are clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. right lower lung opacity represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. bilateral apical pleural thickening. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. stable heart size. marked degenerative change of the , status post remote right humerus fracture. deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also chronic.
stable appearance of the right aortic . normal heart size. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
the parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart and mediastinum are normal.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. the heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. stable right lung base scarring.
cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. prominent left epicardial fat , no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. atrial septal occluder artifact. mild spine curvature.
heart size normal. over epanded lungs. aortic valve prosthesis. calcified right hilar lymph node. stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior th and th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. the patient has right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old ct scans. from .
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions. pelvis. there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. nonobstructive bowel pattern. no pathologic calcifications. hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. no fractures or dislocations.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
chest. the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. left knee. the right total knee prosthesis remains in . the medial compartment is markedly narrow. large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.
sternotomy appear intact. surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. mitral valve replacement seen. low lung volumes. the interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. there is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
comparison , hyperepansion and changes of copd as before. calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. lungs are overall clear. mediastinal contour stable. no acute abnormalities since the previous eamination.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are without focal air space opacity. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. right basilar calcified granuloma noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
there is hyperinflation. there is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
three images submitted. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable sternotomy with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
heart size is enlarged but stable. stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. stable sternotomy with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
the heart size of the limits of normal. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
there is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. there is hyperepansion. no infiltrates. two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. small calcified granuloma stable from prior eam.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active tuberculosis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the lungs appear clear. there are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. mediastinal contours appear normal. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart size is moderately enlarged. there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. sternotomy are grossly intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
heart size normal. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are in alignment without fracture.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. middle lobe calcified granulomas. normal .
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. a few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. numerous calcifications are again noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
there are stable sternotomy . the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified mm right upper lobe granuloma.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion.
the heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. no infiltrates.
heart size normal. dilated tortuous calcified aortic . tracheostomy tube tip cm above the carina. multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most represents calcified granulomas. no nodules or masses. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. review of -ct demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs.
increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly. negative for effusion or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no change lung . opacities are present in the right lower lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. aorta normal.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. pulmonary are normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
change. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size in appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with b lines demonstrated. small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect effusions. negative for pneumothora. limited evaluation reveals the the grossly intact.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal cardiac size. normal pulmonary vasculature. no airspace disease. negative for pneumothora. negative for acute osseous deformity. the thoracic spine has a normal appearance.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear ecept for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures visualized. .
surgical at the distal left clavicle. no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. vascular calcification is noted. no adenopathy is seen.
heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothora.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures grossly intact.
in the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. also, anterior segment opacity is present. right lung remains clear. heart size is normal.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. calcified right hilar lymph . there is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified granuloma are noted. a few opacities are present consistent with of scarring or atelectasis.
stable cardiomegaly. calcified tortuous aorta. no focal air space disease. stable chronic lung changes. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most representing mild chronic inflammatory change. stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
stable position of right central venous catheter. interval removal of nasogastric tube. heart size is normal. persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity.
status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic . pectus carinatum. stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. clear lungs.
the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact. there are degenerative changes within the bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. in the soft tissues of the right upper etremity.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. there is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. no acute osseous injury demonstrated. detroscoliosis noted.
there is a opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. heart size top normal. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
in the interval, the heart size has become normal. pulmonary are normal. lungs are clear and epanded.
the lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal. pleural spaces are clear. there appears to the contrast within small colonic diverticula in the splenic fleure region.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. an element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. in addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. no pneumothora is identified. the osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. incidental note is of nipple .
heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
heart size upper limits of normal but stable. tortuous aorta. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no hyperepansion of the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. no effusions or chf identified. a few scant reticular opacities in right lung base hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic . this is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. in addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. there is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic greater than right. a subtle infiltrate cannot be ecluded. the osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild congestion without edema. lungs are epanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with cell changes.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. there is no opacity. there is no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. hyperlucent right ape with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural air collections. sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. heart size normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperepanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear no effusions or edema
lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart . this was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. there is no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. prior cholecystectomy
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or effusions.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. in the right lung, there is a . . cm nodule overlying the posterior right th rib. there is a . . cm nodule above this in the interspace between the posterior th and th ribs on the right. there is a . . cm nodule projecting through the left th and th interspaces on the pa view. if not already performed, contrast-enhanced would be suited to evaluate these findings. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. to the stomach contours appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there are left-sided aillary clips. there is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. both lungs remain clear and epanded with no infiltrates. pulmonary are normal.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumothora, effusion, or pneumonia.
calcified mediastinal . no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality identified. multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
there is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
there is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left th rib may represent focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. heart size is normal. pulmonary normal.
status post left mastectomy. heart size normal. lungs are clear.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. there appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. vascular calcification is noted. calcified granuloma is seen. there has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. this may represent atelectasis. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. osteopenia is present in the spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. there are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. there degenerative changes of the spine. there is an ivc identified.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs appear clear. there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the pleural spaces are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothora.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
lung volumes are low. bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. heart size normal. pulmonary normal. shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to .
stable mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact. right humeral head bone anchor.
slightly enlarged heart. no effusions. no edema. no nodules or masses. aortic calcification. aortic is normal size. lungs are clear.
streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
comparison , . right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on pa view is on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the fissure. some opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous eamination. stable mediastinal contour.
both lungs are clear and epanded with no infiltrates. basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. heart size normal. calcified right hilar are present
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
recurrent right pneumothora, complete collapse of the right lung, near %. right-to-left mediastinal shift is present, suggesting physiology.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. calcified granuloma, right base. normal .
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
this eamination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. acromioclavicular arthritis is present, severe.
no pneumonia. heart size normal. scoliosis.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size mildly enlarged for technique, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior, right chest tip in the high svc. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is sequela of prior granulomatous disease. there are small t-spine osteophytes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia.
right -a- is in . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. some prominent perihilar opacities are present. some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. these are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. a tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. the lungs are hyperepanded, consistent with emphysema. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour. clear lungs bilaterally.
heart size is normal. mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine ap technique. no edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. there is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly t, age-indeterminate. correlate for midthoracic tenderness. no displaced, acute rib fractures are identified.
lucency crosses the th left posterior rib. visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. the lungs now appear clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. the lungs appear hyperepanded consistent with emphysema.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact. mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
technically limited study secondary to patient . decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the trachea is midline. cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy . the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy and cabg. there is stable mild cardiomegaly. there are scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
normal heart size. stable tortuous aorta. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no suspicious focal air space opacities. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. prior granulomatous disease.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. these are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. no superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified. scoliosis is present.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. prior granulomatous disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild detrocurvature the spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is slight wedge deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora. no displaced rib fracture visualized.
there is minimal opacity in the left lung base, representing atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
there is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. the left lung is clear. heart size normal. unremarkable.
there has been interval cabg. sternotomy and cerclage appear intact. no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
clear lungs. no discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. no active pulmonary disease.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. there is mild hyperepansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
there is abnormal separation of the right . this is age-indeterminate. corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote . the cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema . there is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying .
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. since the prior study, there is been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. the right lung is clear.
the lungs are hyperepanded, with flattened diaphragms. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior eam. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. lung volumes remain low. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. there is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. this may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. there is mild scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. lungs otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there is generalized osteopenia.
there is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. there may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. upper limits of normal heart size. mild central vascular prominence. old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there are low lung volumes. the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. there is no pulmonary vascular congestion. there is minimal right basilar atelectasis. there is no large effusion or pneumothora. the osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are hyperepanded. heart size normal. no mass or focal opacities seen. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly. stable tortuosity of the aorta. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothora or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are atelectatic or scar. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior th rib, secondary to old rib fracture. there are no gross acute bony findings.
there is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. the heart is normal. there are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
heart is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. central venous catheter is again noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
no acute osseous abnormality. the soft tissues are within normal limits. normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. left lower lobe density representing atelectasis. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. there is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. there are multiple fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. the patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. the pleural spaces appear clear. there is right-sided chest , the distal tip in the upper right atrium. mediastinal contours appear normal.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. no pulmonary vascular congestion. no edema. no focal consolidation. there is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approimately t level.
the lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. there is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. no lobar consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is normal.
there are changes of sternotomy and cabg. heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
there is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. there is no pneumothora. there are no acute bony findings.
there is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. there are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. there is no pneumothora. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent hilar contours. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal normal width. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart . this may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. left lung clear. no effusions. no pneumothora. skeletal structures unremarkable.
small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
the lungs are clear and hyperinflated. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion, no pneumothora. bony structures unremarkable.
lordotic projection and large body habitus. limited mediastinal evaluation. severe cardiomegaly. no visualized pneumothora. no large effusion or airspace disease. no fracture.
there is widening of the mediastinum. there is moderate cardiomegaly identified. the central pulmonary appear enlarged. correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal infiltrate. no large effusion or pneumothora.
previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. lungs are hyperepanded with flattened diaphragms. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact. and curvilinear densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. there is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. sequela of prior granulomatous disease. otherwise lungs clear. heart size normal. stable severe l deformity.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
opacities projecting over the right ape and mediastinum on pa view are artifactual. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. right cervical rib.
there are postoperative changes of sternotomy. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs are mildly hyperepanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
borderline enlarged heart. stable mediastinal contours. aortic calcifications. hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. bilateral streaky opacities. increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. no focal airspace disease. no acute bony abnormality.
sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since eam. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion present. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. osteopenia. mild loss of of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. clear right lung.
there is mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are mild opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. visualized vertebral body are grossly intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma is present in the right base. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. in the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. this was not present on the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear.
images. calcified granuloma, right lung base. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
lungs are hyperepanded. no infiltrates or masses. the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. pulmonary are normal.
there is a left chest with tip in the mid svc. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. stable small calcified granuloma left base. no acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are normal limits. increased interstitial opacities. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size normal. central catheter tip in upper svc. lungs are clear. degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. these can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. there is no lobar pneumonia. lungs are mildly hyperinflated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs are hyperepanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. normal pulmonary vascularity.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothora.
the heart is enlarged. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
normal heart size. clear lungs. degenerative this disease within the spine. prosthetic right shoulder. possible body in the aillary recess of the left shoulder. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
heart size at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
heart size remains slightly large. aorta remains tortuous. pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the left hilum is retracted superiorly. in the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left ape. no infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. heart size is normal. these findings are similar to the previous outside eamination.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. heart size upper limit of normal. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the lungs are hyperepanded. there are opacities in the lingula, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lung volumes are low. there is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on pa view. this may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. there is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. there is left-sided picc line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena . the heart and pulmonary are normal. these contours are normal.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. mild cardiomegaly. cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. bony structures appear intact.
heart size upper limits of normal. low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic and mild aortic ectasia. emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. blunting of the costophrenic , and secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
normal cardiac contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. clear left lung . right middle lobe with increased opacities, representative of infiltrate.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
normal heart. clear lungs. trachea midline. scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
trachea is midline. normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. no pneumothora is seen. no free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. low lung volumes on the ap view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
minimally increased airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. heart size is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. evidence of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are no acute osseous abnormalities present. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the soft tissues are within normal limits.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no acute bony changes.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly compared to prior. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
coronary artery stents visualized. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. airspace disease within the left lower lung. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. surgical clips overlying the right breast.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora. bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. right lower lobe calcified granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are well epanded without consolidation or edema. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
the heart is not enlarged. the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. small right jutahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. lungs are otherwise well aerated.
the heart is large, and the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. possibility of tuberculosis should be ecluded. no pleural effusion is seen. there is no pneumothora the lungs are hyperinflated.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. pulmonary are within normal limits. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
normal heart size. clear lungs without pneumothora or pleural effusion.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is no pneumothora.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is a slight deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. visualized are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is a focal area of scarring or atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . no focal consolidation is seen.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is hyperepansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
there is hyperepansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. acute osseous abnormality. the mediastinal silhouette stable.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no consolidating airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. there is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
three total images. heart size is normal. tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. no comparisons are available to evaluate stability. normal pulmonary vascularity. no focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are normal.
left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithora most representing hydropneumothora. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful.
left lung clear. slight cardiomegaly. right effusion. right lower lobe infiltrate. two air-fluid levels in the right hemithora most representing hydropneumothora. this radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. ct scan with iv contrast may be helpful.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. left subclavian central catheter tip in distal svc. no pneumothora. the lungs are clear.
enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. left base density. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
images. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there are finding status post sternotomy and cabg. atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. there is blunting of the left costophrenic . no pneumothora.
lung volumes are . opacities are present in the angulate. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is is a calcified opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior tb. no cavitary lesions are seen. are grossly unremarkable.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size normal and lungs are clear. no edema or pneumonia. no effusion
feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. left subclavian central line tip is at the upper svc. shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithora. there is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. there is no pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. the ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. the are mildly prominent but stable. no acute infiltrate is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. there is left-sided central line with a lumen. poly vasculature is within normal limits. mediastinum is normal. bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. no pneumothora.
redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis. bilateral breast prostheses with calcification.
heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. there are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. large bilateral hilar calcified lymph /granulomas. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia, edema, or effusions.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. no definite residual pneumothora. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes. no large pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is mild calcification of the transverse . the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
mild cardiomegaly. hypoinflation of the lungs. right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. sclerosis of the humeral bilateral, from prior avn. sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
mild cardiomegaly. normal pulmonary vascularity. tortuosity of the descending aorta. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal consolidation. there is pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion. there is prominent right anterior first rib end.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
normal heart size. there is a round density in the ap . study performed in is not available for review at this time. lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora.
normal heart size. hyperepanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. left nipple silhouette visualized. negative for acute bone abnormality.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart is within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an ap portable technique. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
there are scattered calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right humeral internal fiation is noted.
heart is mildly enlarged stable. mediastinal contour is normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperepanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the are unremarkable.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. the are unremarkable.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. the right upper etremity picc tip is in the upper svc. surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are calcified granulomas noted. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic .
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. the lungs are well aerated. there is minimal patchy and air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
one are low. both costophrenic are blunted. pulmonary are normal. no visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
there is a mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. a moderate hiatal hernia is present. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild prominence left hilar contour. bony structures are intact.
borderline enlarged heart. torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are degenerative changes of the spine. there is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated . small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. degenerative changes of both joints.
lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
in the interval, a cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be ecluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
in the interval, a cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be ecluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
in the interval, a cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be ecluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
in the interval, a cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. in addition, on the pa view, an mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. this opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. it may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be ecluded. mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. heart size normal. note of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. scoliosis is unchanged. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
heart size normal. lungs clear.
lungs are clear. there is minimal atelectasis in the left base. no effusion or pneumothora. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. visualized osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes of the spine are present.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. there are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. heart size is within normal limits. normal mediastinal contours. no pleural effusion, pneumothora or focal airspace disease. no free subdiaphragmatic air. the osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear of pneumonia. patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
no there is an detroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approimating the svc. stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. right-sided pneumothora noted measuring approimately . cm from the the right ape. stable postsurgical changes left ailla. degenerative changes thoracic spine. stable streaky opacities right base. opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent for comparison.
the heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
two nodules are noted in the right measuring mm and one measuring mm in diameter. the smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large appears to be within the left lower lobe. no focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. however, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider for further evaluation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size is upper normal. tortuous and calcified aorta. no edema. bandlike left base and lingular opacities scarring or atelectasis. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. morgagni hernia, stable. lungs are epanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
. low lung volumes . eam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm . lungs appear grossly clear. no evidence of pneumonia. . heart and pulmonary appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours appear normal . no acute cardiopulmonary disease on this eam
small . mm right-sided pneumothora only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
small . mm right-sided pneumothora only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. left lung is clear. normal cardiac contour. no evidence of pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. no focal consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. the distal tip of a right ij dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the which junction.
mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothora.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the transverse is calcified. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
there is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior th rib and the left anterior th rib, of uncertain acuity. correlate with tenderness. there is mild atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior th rib, remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. there is a fracture of the left anterior th rib and the left anterior th rib, of uncertain acuity. correlate with tenderness. there is mild atelectasis in the left lung base. there is corticated deformity of the right anterior th rib, remote fracture. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified granuloma is identified.
chest. no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. the heart size is normal. no focal thoracic bony findings. hand. there is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the of the scaphoid. there is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular .
heart size is normal. stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is stable scarring in the right upper lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
there is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. a right upper etremity picc is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approimately cm. no pneumothora or large effusions. heart size within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. no findings to suggest pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal contour. no pneumothora, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. no chest . no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. there are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
there are opacities within both lung bases, representing atelectasis. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothora. no pneumothora.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous aorta. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable right paratracheal opacity. correlated of the chest , this represents vascular shadows. mild right ape curvature of the lower thoracic spine. degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, t on t.
marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. mild atelectasis in the right base. stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. obscured left heart . kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel deformities, poorly defined due to the etensive osteopenia.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. negative for effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are normally aerated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora. small rounded bilateral aillary densities not seen on the previous eam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral th rib fracture noted.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal. prominent epicardial fat. lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. stable deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
heart size is normal. mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothora. couple of nodules in the left base are calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size is within normal limits. mild prominence of the mediastinum. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. no visualized pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. no effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothora. no pulmonary nodules. bony structures are intact.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. persistent small right pleural effusion and atelectasis. no pneumothora. stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. no acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. old healed left th and th rib fractures are seen laterally.
the cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary venous congestion. there is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal . cholecystectomy.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. overepanded lungs suggests emphysema. no nodules masses or effusions
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. vp shunt tubing is identified. the bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the aortic , cardiac ape, and stomach are left-sided. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
right central venous line has been removed. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. the appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
vague . cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left th rib. further evaluation will require a chest ct. remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or adenopathy. heart size is normal.
lungs are clear. no parenchymal infiltrates. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size near top normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. partial fusion of vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. bilateral upper lobe , fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior eams.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size is normal. mild atelectasis. lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. there are stable anterior wedge deformities of midthoracic vertebral bodies.
there is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperepanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right lung base granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. are grossly intact. no thoracic fractures.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. no large pleural effusions.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
heart size is within normal limits for ap technique. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal infiltrate. no visible pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs clear. resolution of effusion seen on prior eam
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. stable opacity in the left , representing a scar. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. this could suggest emphysematous bullae. are grossly unremarkable.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. a wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. there is also patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size upper limits normal. vascularity normal.calcified breast implants obscure some detail. lungs are clear. vascular calcifications aorta. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
comparison , . scoliosis as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there is a cardiac with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. there are atherosclerotic calcifications.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is within normal limits. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, effusions.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. mild atherosclerosis. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcifications of the aortic . the lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. there is haziness in the right lung ape. there is a . cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. this may represent a vessel on end. there is no consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperepanded. scattered granuloma. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
lungs are . opacities are present in the left lung base. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. there is retrocardiac density which corresponds to patient is known hiatal hernia. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably copd. there is calcified hilar lymph . there is no effusion or pneumothora.
there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral th rib. there is deformity of the th vertebral body. these bony lesions may be secondary to the patient is known multiple myeloma. the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. there has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and right basilar atelectasis. left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. no focal consolidation or pneumothora. there is a stable left picc with tip overlying the mid svc and large feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. no evidence of recurrence. heart size normal. no effusion.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
and lateral views of the chest were obtained on //. the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. there is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. findings are accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less , pericardial effusion is suspected. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. patient appears morbidly obese.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
left lower lobe calcified granuloma. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild medial right atelectasis. mild emphysema.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. no pneumothora or large pleural effusions. the lung volumes.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. a calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora. left basilar airspace opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. dish of the thoracic spine is noted. otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
no stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. stable right basilar calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
the heart is normal in size. stable appearance of coronary stent. sternotomy changes are present. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
there is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the lungs are hyperepanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. mild increased lung markings due to chronic changes. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
normal cardiac contour. clear hyperepanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
no pneumothora. heart size is normal. granulomas are seen within the right lung. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace consolidation.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior nd and posterior th ribs. this could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. bony thora is unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous eam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. apical irregularities also present on the previous eam suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothora. mild right ape curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right th rib and reflects granuloma.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
calcified left lower lobe granuloma. no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there there is no lobar pneumonia. there are calcified right hilar granuloma. there are degenerative changes of the . there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most represents a skinfold. there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left th lateral rib.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. calcific density in the right lung ape, compatible with calcified granuloma.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to .
stable chest. elevated left diaphragm. two bullets overlie the left chest. heart size normal. persistent . cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. ct scan may be informative if patient is at high for lung cancer.
decreasing lung volumes. probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms.
status post mediastinal surgery. significantly improved aeration. remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. for more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. no acute air space disease. no pulmonary edema. cardiomegaly.
the heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. this is increased since the previous study. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. mild deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
apical lordotic frontal view. heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
normal heart size. aortic calcification. granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. no acute pulmonary abnormalities. thoracic spondylosis.
chest. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. left lung is clear. no pleural air collections. shoulder and clavicle. fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. it is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. the humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. cutaneous air is present. fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right rd rib. the acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
ap lateral view soft tissue neck. . no subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue . . slight rotation of the patient is head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is normal in size and caliber. pa and lateral views of the chest. . no acute pulmonary findings.
grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. no displaced bony injuries are present.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. there is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is a hiatal hernia.
there is interval placement of a on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. the heart size is within normal limits. lung volumes within normal limits. slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. increased peribronchial cuffing. no large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. there is subpleural edema outlining the right fissure.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal.
there is mild streakiness in the right base. no focal infiltrate or effusion. no pneumothora. calcified granulomatous disease noted. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. there are opacities in the left , subsegmental atelectasis or scar. otherwise, the lungs are epanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. there is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. heart is within normal limits for low lung volumes and ap technique. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.
three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
three images are available for review. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothora.
heart size is normal. the aorta is tortuous, and cannot eclude ascending aortic aneurysm. the pulmonary vascularity is normal. there residual to prior granulomatous infection. lungs are otherwise clear. degenerative change of the spine.
images. there is a large hydropneumothora within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung ape. at the right lung ape, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approimately . cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
images. there is a large hydropneumothora within the left chest. there is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung ape. at the right lung ape, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approimately . cm. this could indicate cavitation. left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. no convincing acute bony findings.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. there is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
heart size slightly upper normal. atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta. lungs are hyperepanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. note is of an closure device which appears grossly appropriate the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. there is mild diaphragm eventration.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. hyperepanded lungs. right perihilar/midlung density. streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be eaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. grossly similar midthoracic vertebral fracture.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
borderline cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. basilar atelectasis with posterior recess pleural effusions. overall, findings of mild volume overload.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality. large hiatal hernia.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pneumothora. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. prominent left epicardial fat .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
low lung volumes. cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. are grossly unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no pleural effusion. there are spine marginal osteophytes.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size appears upper limits of normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise normal mediastinum. confluent and opacities seen within the left base. there are no visible nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic , on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. right perihilar opacities. no pneumothora identified.
low lung volumes. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. are grossly intact.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. right hilar surgical clips. stable right-sided volume loss. increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view. no pneumothora. severe degenerative disease of the .
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. soft tissues unremarkable
low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, normal heart size. negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothora. no effusions. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no deformities. emphysematous changes.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, and clips suggest cabg. mediastinal and hilar calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. no abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. osseous demineralization, stable appearance of t and t fractures.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild basilar atelectasis. increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. opacity in left midlung. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
evaluation for pneumothora is limited due to eclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. no visible pleural . no focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no free subdiaphragmatic air. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. included osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
chest. heart size is normal lungs are clear. calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. left shoulder. no fractures and no dislocations. minimal degenerative disease.
lumbar and are low. no infiltrates. heart size normal. a large hiatal hernia is present. an age-indeterminate fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
heart size is normal. low lung volumes. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. no visible pneumothora, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
lungs are mildly hyperepanded. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. there are right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approimately mm. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine curvature noted.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
sternotomy and mediastinal clips are unchanged. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. pulmonary vasculature and are unchanged. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal opacities. there is no large pleural effusion. no pneumothora. there is deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous eam.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. the lungs are clear bilaterally. left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluation.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. there is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph . the bony structures of the thora demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. no acute bony abnormality identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. low lung volumes atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. diffuse interstitial opacities. bony structures appear intact. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. clear left lung .
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
the heart is large. lung volumes are . opacity persists in the right midlung. no focal infiltrates.
normal heart. clear lungs. stable calcified granuloma left midlung. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. midline trachea.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic . the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothora or large pleural effusion. flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is at the upper limits of normal. thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. very mild right ape curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific.
no comparison chest -. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no pulmonary nodules are identified.
calcified lymph in both . amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
mild cardiomegaly. tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of deformity. the visualized osseous structures are intact. no displaced rib fractures. no edema or airspace consolidation
borderline cardiac enlargement. tortuous aorta. prominent hilar contours. worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. a pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. a followup study and to weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. if this area does not resolve, further characterization with may be warranted.
chest. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. ribs. there are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. soft tissues appear normal.
the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. emphysema. mild apical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are multiple sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. the most caudal sternotomy is fractured. there are no acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance compared to the previous eaminations.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are present. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. the largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approimately . cm. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
images. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approimately mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. otherwise, the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is normal. critical result notification documented through primordial.
there are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, seen on the frontal view overlying the left th posterior rib. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no overt pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
calcified granulomas. calcified hilar . no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. question large pulmonary arteries. lung are hyperepanded. prominent substernal air space. aortic calcifications. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. the appearance scarring or atelectasis.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is stable enlargement of the heart. no focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
study is somewhat limited by body habitus. cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
the lungs are relatively clear with sulci. heart size normal in lv contour. slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. t-spine unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
two views of chest was obtained in ap projection. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is evidence of cabg.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with cabg. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are mildly hyperepanded. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
there is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. there is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. there is some pleural fluid tracking along the right fissure. there is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. no pneumothora is identified. heart size is within normal limits. right picc tip is at the svc. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
comparison , . anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stable/unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no destructive bony lesions are seen.
heart size or great lungs are clear. calcified mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end.
detroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. low lung volumes. minimal opacities within the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. degenerative spine.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora, no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures.
there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
. chest. no active disease. . right shoulder. healing scapular fracture.
no focal consolidation. there are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior eamination. no visualized pneumothora. the heart size is normal. there are no pleural effusions.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal cardiac contour. stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. clear lungs bilaterally.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. there are scattered bilateral opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, of subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora is identified. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-epanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothora or effusion. there is irregularity of the th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. there is a discrete . cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact. right unilateral nipple ring.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcifications in the aortic . there is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. -a- has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
clear lungs. no airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no consolidations. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. and soft tissues are unremarkable. lungs are hyperinflated.
the previously seen right-sided picc has been removed. the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary remain normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. emphysematous changes. nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and si ribs. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well epanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothora, or effusion. the bony structures of the thora are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. right chest tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothora. there is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, from prior study. these may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. the left lung appears grossly clear. drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. calcified left hilar lymph .
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes. right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. the cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. there is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote .
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change calcified aorticopulmonary node.
feeding tube noted with tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. no focal areas of consolidation. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact.
heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothora. bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there are persistent low lung volumes. there is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. probable residual left pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. stable cardiomediastinal contour. left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the chest comparison.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. there is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. there is minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. the mediastinal contours are normal.
chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. soft tissue neck. there is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. there is no prevertebral soft tissue . the epiglottis is within normal limits. there is a mm mm density identified on the lateral eam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient is lipoma.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal hilar vasculature. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
lung volumes are mildly low. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. no consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no deformity.
there is blunting of the left costophrenic compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. there are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. heart size is normal. left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. right ij venous catheter terminates at the proimal svc.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes. there is no focal opacities. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. calcified lymph are identified in the left infrahilar region. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal opacity in the lung bases. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. left hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
the heart size is top normal, cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
there are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there are -filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. the bowel pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. there is no pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. the streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. no definite infectious infiltrate is seen. there is scoliosis and eaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. the patient was shielded.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. nodular densities projecting over the posterior th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. lungs are hyperepanded. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size is normal. there are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph which suggest prior histoplasmosis eposure. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no convincing acute bony findings.
the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. no superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is normal.
there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic seen on lateral view. in addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. there is no pneumothora. the lungs are clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approimating the right atrium. postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy . left base opacities again noted, stable. there is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. there is no evidence of pneumothora. low lung volumes. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no focal opacity.
chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes bilaterally. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. right lung stable and grossly clear. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior eaminations with sternotomy and surgical clips overlying. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which appears unchanged from prior eamination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. there is no evidence of acute infiltrate. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. mid sternotomy again noted. mildly low lung volumes. no significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora seen.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. mild aortic tortuosity. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. in addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense conveity. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion. there is streaky opacity within the left lung base representing atelectasis. otherwise, the lungs are clear. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is hyperinflation of the lungs.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. the fissure is conve upward. there is right base patchy airspace opacity. this appears chronic and may be due to scarring. there is no significant pleural effusion.
heart size mildly enlarged. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora. s-shaped spine curvature noted.
considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an ap projection. normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. grossly clear lungs. no obvious pneumothora or hemothora. no acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
heart size normal. lungs clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. no change from prior eam
there is an ovoid opacity . cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated scan is recommended. no pneumothora or pleural effusion present. the heart is normal in size. no hilar lymphadenopathy. no destructive bony lesions.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the heart size is within normal limits. after cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. hyperepanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. eaggerated thoracic kyphosis. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
size is normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. there is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. there is also a mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung . it is not well visualized on lateral view.
the heart size is persistently enlarged. lung volumes are low. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
. interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of . . no pleural effusion or visible pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. no acute airspace process or pleural effusion. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion.
there is hyperepansion. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the ct. no focal infiltrates
mild cardiomegaly. small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
heart size is normal. calcified right paratracheal lymph calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. no arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures are unremarkable. stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. no infiltrates noted.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified right lower lobe granuloma. no focal airspace consolidation. no visualized pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there is detrocurvature within the spine.
there is minimal scarring in the lung apices. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there is detrocurvature within the spine.
consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. heart and pulmonary are normal.
no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal cardiac contours. clear lungs bilaterally. redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. no evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. no evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of left-to-right shunt.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
the patient is rotated to left. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. lucency along the left ventricular related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the fissure on lateral projection. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. eaggerated thoracic kyphosis. no definite acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. elevated right diaphragm. the lungs are clear. degenerative spondylosis. there appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
mild hyperinflation. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size is normal. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy. calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph unchanged.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. no active pneumonia. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. stable foreign body over the left breast ( nipple piercing). visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are grossly clear.
the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. elevated right diaphragm, unchanged
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
limited eam as the left costophrenic is ecluded from the pa view. the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. mild lung hyperinflation. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. no visible acute fracture. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus secondary to a small effusion. no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
there is moderate cardiomegaly. no interstitial edema or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora. there is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. small t-spine osteophytes.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left midlung mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. no effusions. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia. no bony abnormalities. status post left shoulder replacement.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
lungs are hyperepanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
stable mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic question hypertension.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic question hypertension.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a right chest with central venous catheter tip overlying the high svc. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. lungs are well epanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
the heart is mild enlarged. central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. there are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora. multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish).
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
there is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. mildly low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. lung volumes are low normal. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size normal and lungs clear.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits. there are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. these appear similar to the patient is previous chest ct and are the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. upper thora is poorly visualized due to patient is overlying head and chin. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs related to background of emphysema. calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. deformity of the right th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size within normal limits.
stable cardiac enlargement. vascular congestion is redemonstrated. patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. right base is clear. no large effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal air space disease. prominent hilar . no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
chest. heart size is normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. there is a mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. there are probably right hilar calcified lymph . lungs otherwise are clear. there is no pleural effusion. left ribs. no fracture or focal bony destruction.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis. minimal scoliosis.
the central airway is midline and is . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora seen. the osseous structures appear within normal limits.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothora.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. removal of left-sided chest tubes. there is no pneumothora. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
interval removal of cardiac generator. cardiomegaly. left base streaky opacities again noted. no large focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. osseous structures intact. no pneumothora.
there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. lungs are otherwise clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
low lung volumes. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate is seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today is study. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. no discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs clear. stable mm calcified right midlung nodule
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. hyperepansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. no focal lung consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusions.
there is a left ij approach central catheter. there is a noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. the tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette is stable. no edema. essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no consolidation or pneumothora. left pleural effusion. chronic left th rib fracture.
images. calcified granuloma left upper lobe. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well epanded and clear. there is no focal air space opacity, pneumothora, or effusion. there are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. the bony structures of the thora are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there are no masses seen. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size is within normal limits. mm calcified granuloma in the right base. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or effusion.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or effusion. no acute osseous findings.
lungs are clear. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. heart and mediastinal contours are normal. osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
heart size within normal limits. there is focal left lateral base airspace disease. there is a mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. no displaced rib fractures. there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. this is not seen on the comparison. correlate clinically with history of fracture.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
mild cardiomegaly. normal size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
hiatal hernia as before. scattered right upper lung scarring as before. overall, well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. the lungs are well-epanded and clear. there is no focal airspace opacity. there is no pneumothora or effusion. there is detrocurvature of the thoracic spine. there is deformity of the t vertebral body. levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size borderline enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. normal pulmonary vascularity. minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. blunted left costophrenic . bony demineralization. degenerative changes of the spine. verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. upper abdominal surgical changes. chronic appearing deformity of the proimal right humerus. old right rib fractures.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. there is a small right pleural effusion. there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. small left pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
there is marked cardiomegaly. there is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. prominent interstitial markings are due to low lung volumes. elevated right hemidiaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
no pneumothora or pleural effusion. clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is a thin right apical pneumothora measuring approimately mm in thickness. there is etensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. there are fractures of the right anterior th through th anterior ribs with mild displacement. additional fractures cannot entirely be ecluded. there is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. left lung is clear. there is a small hiatal hernia. there is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. mild tortuosity of the aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. right apical pleural retraction. hyperepansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased ap diameter consistent with history of copd. degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. calcified granuloma seen. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no cavitations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is an mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left th rib. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic atherosclerosis. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
clear lungs bilaterally. normal cardiac contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is noted. degenerative changes are noted in the spine. the descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. the mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
heart size is normal. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. calcified granulomas in bilateral and overlying the t vertebral body(lateral view). no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes of thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. there are stable fractures of several . lungs are hyperepanded but clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. elevated right hemidiaphragm. atelectasis in the right lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. spurring of the thoracic spine.
mildly low lung volumes. lungs are clear without focal air space disease. persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithora related to superimposed soft tissues. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. no focal consolidation, large pneumothora or large pleural effusion. heart size normal. unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. pectus deformity is noted. left ij dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothora. the lungs are clear.
the aortic , cardiac ape, and stomach are left-sided. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. this may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
there are sternotomy identified. the heart is within normal limits in size. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there has been interval cabg. surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine
enlarged cardiac contour, stable. calcified vasculature. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. no confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. mild thoracic spondylosis.
streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. no definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no comparisons. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. status post coronary artery bypass grafting.
cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry , correlate clinically. otherwise, lungs are clear. no large pleural effusion no pneumothora.
consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. a persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. no infiltrates. heart is slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta remains tortuous.
heart size normal. mildly tortuous aorta. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, no pneumothora. no significant pleural effusion, though the etreme posterior right sulcus is ecluded on the lateral image.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
stable heart size. diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. no pneumothora. no effusions. no acute bony abnormalities.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is stable left costophrenic blunting. the patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. there are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. heart size normal. no visualized pneumothora. there is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
there is a . cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora. opacities representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
hyperepansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
hyperepansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. heart size within normal limits. bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with copd and unchanged. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic seen. no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. hyperinflated lungs. cardiomegaly. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size. there is bihilar prominence. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
fracture deformity proimal right humerus. hyperinflation lungs. no pulmonary consolidation. opacity left base compatible atelectasis or scarring. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. prior chest surgery. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
aorta is ectatic. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion. age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
the heart is borderline in size. the aorta is mildly tortuous. right ij catheter is in with tip in proimal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothora. lungs are grossly clear. there is no large effusion.
a right internal jugular this catheter has been echanged for a large left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. no acute bone findings. stable cardiomegaly.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
no focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothora. left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.
postsurgical changes noted overlying the left ailla. no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora.
heart size normal. mediastinum unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. no focal volume loss evident. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. bony thora unremarkable.
calcific density measuring approimately mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on pa view only. this may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. this could be followed up in months to confirm stability. azygos fissure incidentally noted. lungs overall well epanded and clear. mediastinal contour in normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
portable frontal view of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from .
there are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest ct from .
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours.
the lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. no focal lung consolidation. no pleural effusion. no definite pneumothora. heart is not enlarged. postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and .
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. no definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothora identified. no acute bony abnormality.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. stable right lower lung granuloma. interval to right clavicle procedure. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
there is moderate cardiomegaly. there are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous eam. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there has been interval development of some bandlike opacities in left base. these appear to be located in the lingula. the remainder of the lungs appear clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
the lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
comparison . no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. right base calcified granuloma. stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). negative for acute bone abnormality.
stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. no overt edema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
there is a airspace opacity in the left upper lung. heart size within normal limits. mild calcification of the aortic . no pneumothora or pleural effusions.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora identified. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior eamination. multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
no active disease.
no active disease.
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patient is nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patient is nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film
patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patient is nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal platelike atelectasis left base.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
some opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. overall, well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. again visualized is a wedge-shaped fracture of t.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is an approimately mm opacity overlying the sith anterior rib. there are other scattered calcified granulomas. the osseous structures are intact. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most representing chronic inflammatory change. also some peripheral fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. no acute airspace consolidation. stable mediastinal contour.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. tracheostomy tube. probable mild cardiomegaly. prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. no pneumothora pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are hypoinflated. there are streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. b-lines are also noted. definite infiltrate is not ecluded. there is no large effusion.
borderline heart size. the lungs are hyperepanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. hyperepanded lungs. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thora intact.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
lordotic film. low lung volumes. heart size within normal limits for this projection. lower thoracic spine fusion. small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. this may be projectional followup films may be helpful.
within the posterior lateral th rib there is a deformity along the corte with associated oblique lucency. in addition within the posterior lateral th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear bilaterally. multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from .
borderline enlarged heart. pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no pleural effusions. heart size normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
chest. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. right knee. severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior eamination.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear bilaterally. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size within normal limits. mild left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. tortuous aorta. hiatal hernia.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is subphrenic intraperitoneal etraluminal free .
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
lungs are hyper epanded consistent with copd. no parenchymal infiltrates. no of pleural effusions. normal heart size. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and epanded. strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. in the left midlung zone there is identified a . cm nodule. this appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
there is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no pulmonary nodules identified.
the lungs are clear. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. probable pectus deformity. negative for acute bony abnormality.
hyperepanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
there is mild cardiomegaly. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. no pneumothora.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. the lungs are otherwise clear. prior anterior cervical fusion.
cardiomegaly. no effusions or edema. clear chest
no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size is normal. no acute focal space opacities.
the heart size is normal. there is minimal fibronodular scarring right ape, otherwise lungs clear
considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. no focal opacity. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
the heart is upper limits of normal in size. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral th rib. there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right th rib. there is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen on lateral view. would be to evaluate this finding. as the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views. there is a left-sided pleural effusion as well. the left lung appears grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary appear normal. there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. no pneumothora. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacification.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. thin lingular scar, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasia/tortuosity. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury.
. stable appearance of scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous granulomas. there are calcified right hilar lymph as . . opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis or scarring . low lung volumes . no focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. scattered granulomatous changes. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thora is unremarkable
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection, differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema, inflammation. no definite pleural effusion seen. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the image from .
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. right chest in the svc. small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. streaky perihilar opacification, a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. similar appearance to the prior study.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. low lung volumes. no pleural effusion. left lower lobe airspace disease, atelectasis. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact.
heart size is normal. bilateral nipple shadows seen. mm left lower lobe granuloma. heart size normal. no effusions. lungs clear
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. changes of right mastectomy. sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. mild thoracic spine degenerative change
there is mild cardiomegaly. the aorta is tortuous. there is opacities noted in the right lower lobe, subsegmental atelectasis. there is no pneumothora or effusion. no displaced rib fractures. if there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. tortuous aorta. prominent first ribs. no nodules, masses, or adenopathy.
low lung volumes. stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. stable right upper mediastinal bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothora. stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
right jugular catheter present with tip overlying the lower svc. curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears eternal on the lateral projection. correlate clinically. normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseous findings. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
well-epanded and clear lungs. conspicuous for size - mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the lungs are well-epanded and clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. the cardiomediastinal contour is normal. no acute osseous lesions are identified.
the heart is enlarged. there is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. the distribution pulmonary edema. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
left chest wall mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior . normal cardiac contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. clear lungs bilaterally. fracture seen at t and l with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
heart size within normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
compared to prior eamination from , there has been etubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar detroscoliosis. left basilar opacity represents chronic fibrosis/scar. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
no active disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. of the spine.
there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring . cm which is to be in the posterobasal segment. there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at some concern for neoplasm. a is recommended. no airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. a right-sided mediport catheter is noted. no pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prominent pericardial fat is again noted. there is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. the are unremarkable.
patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothora or pleural effusion is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. old fractures seen the left th rib.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. unremarkable .
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothora or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the ap view and may represent artifact. no acute bony abnormalities.
tortuosity of the aorta. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (bochdalek).
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified mm granuloma in the left midlung. status post resection of left upper lobe. no adenopathy, nodules, or masses. no effusion.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. there is severe underlying emphysema. the aorta is calcified. there is spondylosis.
there is . cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. catheter tip may be within the proimal svc or azygos vein. normal heart size. left perihilar and midlung densities. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. mild lung hyperinflation. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
eam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis. abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy , cabg clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. heart and mediastinum stable configuration. stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. lungs clear of consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. bony thora intact. minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
there is a cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart size is within normal limits. there is ectasia/tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. calcified hilar lymph . irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since and may represent mitral annular calcifications. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is large. pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. tortuous dilated aorta. minimal basilar infiltrate left base
interval improvement/resolution right patchy lateral base opacity. there is continued density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . costophrenic blunting may persist but the left costophrenic is clipped from view. there is a right middle base calcific nodular density from old granulomatous disease. mild left apical pleural thickening. and valve . probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. thoracic spine dish.
changes post bilateral thoracotomy and sternotomy. intact . stable position of the epicardial . mild cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. bilateral small pleural effusions.
hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
cardiomegaly is present. there is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of b-lines. there is no pneumothora. there is an oval, mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left th and th ribs. there is a mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior th rib. there is a posterior effusion. normal mediastinal silhouette. t-spine osteophytes.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. very mild s-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. no displaced, acute fractures are identified.
slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there is no focal consolidation. mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic represent small effusions. no pneumothora is present. there is moderate cardiomegaly. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
calcified granulomas. no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
normal heart size. stable tortuous thoracic aorta. prior granulomatous disease. healed rib fractures appear stable. focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the th posterior rib which represents healing rib callus. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. calcified right hilar lymph . heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. sternotomy and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
the lungs are clear. there are calcified left hilar lymph . the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t-l or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. probable dish of the thoracic spine.
lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. no consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no edema. couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease.
stable calcified hilar and granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pneumomediastinum. visualized bony structures are normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. mild spondylosis.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures. a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. mild spine detrocurvature noted.
normal heart size. normal mediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. left hemidiaphragm is elevated.
well-epanded and clear lungs. apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung . the fibrosis appears to slightly increased compared to previous eamination, in . the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, eaggerated by epicardial fat pads. interstitium is prominent. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. there is spine spondylosis.
there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the lungs remain hyperepanded. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. the appearance of the right base opacity atelectasis. the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
there is hyperepansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. contrast retained within the renal collecting .
the heart size is within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
the lungs are hyperepanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, large emphysematous . there are biapical opacities, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the lungs are hyperepanded. there is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, large emphysematous . there are biapical opacities, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. normal heart size. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
comparison well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. no change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. hyperepanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. the lungs are well epanded and clear. there are no focal air space opacities. there is no pneumothora or effusion. the bony structures of the thora are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. there is enlarged heart silhouette. decreased lung volumes. lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. there is no effusion or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the bilateral .
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no adenopathy or effusion. stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. this most represents overlying degenerative spurring than metastasis.
flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. no pneumothora or effusion.
marked increase in heart size. cardiomegaly. question pericardial effusion. stable . cm nodule left mid chest, a granuloma. lungs are clear. no effusion. stable left hilar lymphadenopathy.
heart size is moderately enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity demonstrated on the lateral study. there is a fracture of superior sternotomy unchanged.
moderate cardiomegaly. bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. no pneumothora. no pleural effusions.
the heart is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis ct. there is a left upper lung granuloma. otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora. appear intact.
there are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities representing subsegmental atelectasis. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the of normal. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs appear clear. lung volumes are low. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear.
the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. calcifications are seen within the aortic . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
prominent hiatal hernia as before. anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. opacity seen on lateral involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. there may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. perhaps some slight progression, but overall change since prior eamination. on lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. no effusions or chf.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in with tip overlying the t vertebral body.
there is no acute osseous abnormality. soft tissues are within normal limits. borderline enlargement of the heart. normal vascular markings. left basilar retrocardiac opacity. no pneumothora.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. the previously<br>described deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. there is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall
again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, a effusion or scarring. opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, scarring. heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. there is no vascular congestion or edema. there is no pneumothora.
stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothora.
stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. tortuous aorta. low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. no overt edema. question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. no visible pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. incidental note is of an azygos fissure. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. there are opacities which appear to above the right fissure. there is mild thickening in the fissure. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions.
cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. osseous structures within normal limits.
low lung volumes. bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. stable left abdominal surgical clips. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. old right rib fractures.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. irregular . cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on pa and lateral views and represents chronic scarring. she has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate. anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including t, t, t and t.
minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
heart size is within normal limits. tortuous thoracic aorta. there is patchy right base airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
persistent cardiomegaly. no abnormal airspace consolidation. resolved interstitial edema. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. emphysematous changes are identified. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
there is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and density on the frontal image. the lungs are clear. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. innumerable bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on eamination. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion. lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no focal airspace consolidation. there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the from , noted. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior eam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. there is a large amount of distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior eam of years ago. there is no pneumothora.
the opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior eam. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. there is a large amount of distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior eam of years ago. there is no pneumothora.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. left hilar and medial left base granuloma. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there low lung volumes. there is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. bibasilar airspace disease is also present. probable left pleural effusion. no evidence of pneumothora. cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
slight cardiomegaly. clear lungs.
lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. there is a round opacity measuring cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. are unremarkable.
chest. heart size normal. lungs clear. unremarkable. limited technique. right elbow and forearm. no acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. soft tissues unremarkable. left ankle. soft tissue around ankle. there are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. ankle mortise intact. no acute fracture or dislocation.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph . stable lingular scarring. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified. no bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. first rib fracture not well demonstrated on study.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
mediastinal contours are normal. heart size is upper limits of normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no bony abnormality.
heart , mediastinum, , bony structures are unremarkable. possible subtle increased opacity in right ape versus technique. otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size normal. emphysema. biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged
there are low lung volumes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothora is appreciated.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. stable mm calcified left midlung granuloma. calcified aortic .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. there is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. lungs otherwise appear clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. right-sided chest catheter tip is at the lower svc. several right aillary surgical clips are noted. there are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. normal heart size. mild spondylosis.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. there are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
normal heart size and mediastinal contour. right lung base airspace disease on frontal . opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. mild wedge deformity of t.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
pa and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. the lungs appear grossly clear. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there is no pneumothora. pleural spaces are clear. there is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. findings could represent resolving histoplasmosis infection, sarcoidosis, or malignancy as lymphoma or primary lung cancer. recommend contrast-enhanced chest ct for further evaluation.
there has been interval sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. there is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
there is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are bilateral breast prostheses.
lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior eamination. there are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. one ap view is epiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. one ap view is epiratory and was repeated. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
no focal areas of consolidation. heart size normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. considering technical factors heart size within normal limits.
bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable mild heart enlargement.prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. it is increased from most recent prior eam on . however, it appears similar compared to eams performed in . no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. focal opacity in the left upper lobe represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. incidental note of an azygos fissure. there are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant.
right basal airspace opacity. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. opacity in the left lung base. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior . opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. no acute airspace disease or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
senescent changes with sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
senescent changes with sternotomy. some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. no acute airspace disease, effusions, or chf. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
the lateral view is degraded by patient motion. lungs are grossly clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
status post mediastinal surgery. cardiomegaly. atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. lung volumes are reduced. suspicion for at bilateral pleural effusions. no acute airspace disease. no pulmonary edema.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothora. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic , cardiac ape, and stomach are left-sided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. detro-conve scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality.
again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right fissure. there is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic , consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. the lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. there is mild cardiomegaly. there are degenerative changes and a mild detroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. this is essentially unchanged. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be unremarkable. a few calcified granulomata are noted. no focal infiltrates are seen. no obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. osseous structures appear to be unremarkable.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the left and right remain enlarged and unchanged. lungs are free of infiltrates. heart size normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. there is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent is most calcified. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
this radiograph was available for my interpretation at hours /. there are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. there is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size is enlarged. the aorta is unfolded. otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small mm nodules throughout the chest. these most represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film demonstrate these are probably calcified.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small mm nodules throughout the chest. these most represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film demonstrate these are probably calcified.
heart size is normal. multiple scattered small mm nodules throughout the chest. these most represent calcified small granulomas. a low kv film demonstrate these are probably calcified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. specifically, no evidence of rib fractures.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothora. the are grossly intact. interval removal of right picc. persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. stable cardiomegaly. crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior eam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
chronic-appearing opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no pneumothora. no focal airspace opacities.
low lung volumes. cardiomegaly. minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no cavitary lesions. are grossly unremarkable.
lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. the right lung is clear. sequelae of old granulomatous disease. heart size is upper limits of normal. degenerative changes in the spine.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures are intact.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity. umbilical piercing.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. right chest wall surgical have been removed. there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact.
the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. mild curvature thoracolumbar junction.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no bony abnormalities.
radiographic attenuation obscures detail. grossly, the lungs are clear and epanded. heart is large. pulmonary are normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
heart upper limits normal. lungs clear
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated with opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no comparisons. the heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. the heart size is normal. there are no large pleural effusions.
normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no evidence of displaced rib fractures. normal thoracic vertebral body .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there has been sternotomy. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are . opacities are present in the right costophrenic . no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. there is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
a calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic . lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal.
no comparison chest - lungs. lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothora and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. no substantial mediastinal shift seen. right lung grossly clear.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. no pneumothora. no pneumonia. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
lung volumes remain . opacity is present in the right middle lobe. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. the left lung is clear. there is no pneumothora. heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. aortic vascular calcifications. normal pulmonary vascularity. bone demineralization.
the heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. the pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. there are low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. scattered bilateral granulomas. patchy left basal airspace opacity. bilateral small effusions.
the heart size is normal. there is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. lungs are clear bilaterally. thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal identified.
lungs are hyperinflated but clear. no focal infiltrate or effusion. heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. calcified mediastinal identified.
compared to prior eamination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothora, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
compared to prior eamination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. no large focal consolidations, pneumothora, or definite pleural effusions identified. the mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. no acute osseous abnormality is identified.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. multiple -filled loops of bowel are present. gastrostomy is noted.
chest. lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. heart and mediastinum remain normal. abdomen. multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. formed stool is present in the rectum.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation is seen. postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast.
the heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic . no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
there is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. severe slightly smaller than is compared to . there is a small left pleural effusion. this is unchanged as compared to the prior study. there is a right chest wall venous which appears accessed. no pneumothora. scaphoid abdomen.
heart size and vascularity normal. these contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. mild degenerative change thoracic spine. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. heart size normal limits.
the heart is normal in size and contour. scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. emphysema. no nodules, masses or adenopathy.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thora intact.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. there are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. the heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. mediastinum normal width. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is left lung base atelectasis on frontal secondary to low volumes. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
low lung volumes. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is right basilar air space opacity.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperepansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
stable left lower lung calcified granuloma. otherwise lungs are clear. left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. no of the pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. no of active tuberculosis.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
in the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. costophrenic blunted on the right. left lung clear. heart size normal.
there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are low lung volumes.
low lung volumes are present. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. appearance suggest atelectasis. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
normal heart size. dilated pulmonary arteries. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. no focal airspace consolidation. decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperepansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithora. lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. remote left clavicle fracture.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. lungs are hyperlucent and hyperepanded. negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. this is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is noted. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications are present. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact. prior cholecystectomy.
moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. been sternotomy noted. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
stable cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. stable sternotomy , several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. t-spine osteophytes.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a large hiatal hernia is noted. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size is normal, lungs are clear. no nodular masses. ct scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules.
heart size is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. there is an mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. there is also a mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. hyperepanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
heart size is upper limits of normal for ap projection. mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. the patient is chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. no displaced rib fractures are seen. there are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the heart is borderline in size. the mediastinum is stable with changes of sternotomy and bypass graft. aorta is atherosclerotic. there are postsurgical changes of the left hemithora with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. the right lung is clear. there is no pleural effusion.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thora intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperepanded but clear. biapical scarring noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothora, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. lungs are clear. no pneumothora.
there are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable. there is an embolization overlying left upper quadrant.
stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary . lungs clear, no airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic study from as well. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
patient is rotated. mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. this is identified on a thoracic study from as well. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate.
stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are epanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact. stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. improved lung volumes, left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
right apical scarring as before. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
both lungs remain clear and epanded. heart and pulmonary are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia.
some hyperinflation appears to be present. there are small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart is normal. the mediastinum is normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. changes of prior cabg again noted. normal pulmonary vascularity. streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. no pneumothora or pleural effusion demonstrated. redemonstrated severe l fracture. slight interval increase in loss of t and there is mild to moderate anterior loss of t. degenerative changes of the spine. abdominal aortic stent.
frontal and lateral views. the cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. calcified granulomas are also identified. compared to the previous ct scan, there has been no significant interval change. no developing airspace opacity, or pneumothora.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. the left hilar calcified lymph appear stable. there is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule representing a granuloma. the lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact. calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen consistent with gallstone.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion identified.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct. the study is limited secondary to moderate motion. underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
the outside - is normal ecept for slight cardiomegaly.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. minimal bibasilar airspace disease. no pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. note is of calcifications in the aortic . the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of acute cardiopulmonary disease.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. right chest tip is visualized at the proimal right atrium. the lungs are grossly clear. no pneumothora is seen. there are deformities of the left lateral th and th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. a patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. heart size is normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. the mediastinum is normal. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
lung volumes are low. no infiltrates. heart and mediastinum are normal.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior eamination. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. there is hiatal hernia.
lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial conveity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. calcified lymph .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is biapical scarring. the lungs are otherwise clear.
no active disease.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or edema
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. the pleural spaces are clear.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. emphysematous changes are identified. there is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent a small right pleural effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothora identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. no acute osseous abnormality. there is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. old, healed left rib fractures are noted.
given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered deformities. stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. vascular calcification is noted.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. the aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. calcified right hilar lymph are demonstrated. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
mediastinal contours are normal. no significant change in pneumothora or right pleural fluid.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. again seen is paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
chest. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. right knee. there has been prior ligamentous repair. there is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. no knee joint effusion. no fractures or dislocations.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. right lung is clear. stable blunting of costophrenic with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior eam. no visualized pneumothora or focal consolidation. unremarkable.
cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. no effusion. no adenopathy. ct scan is the to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. no bony abnormalities.
mild cardiomegaly. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there is thoracic kyphosis. there is deformity of t and l, unchanged abdomen , . aortic calcifications are noted. fracture of right proimal humerus, incompletely evaluated.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
no active disease.
no comparison chest -. no suspicious appearing lung nodules. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there is stable cardiomegaly. aorta is calcified and tortuous. there are multiple pleural calcifications representing prior asbestos eposure. these appear unchanged. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation.
heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. there is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. this is markedly improved compared to prior eam
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no evidence of pneumonia. the heart pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size is mildly enlarged but stable. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. there are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. negative for bony abnormality.
stable normal heart size. calcified aorta. eventration right diaphragm. scarring in the pulmonary apices. no acute findings. thoracic spondylosis.
there is mild opacification over both , secondary to soft tissue attenuation. there are no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. trachea is midline. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior eamination. lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. both costophrenic are blunted. aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. pulmonary are normal.
heart size remains slightly large. pulmonary are normal. aorta tortuous.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
intact sternotomy . stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph and left basilar calcified granuloma. relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. the negative for pneumothora, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
there your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. hyperinflation is present. no focal consolidation is seen. there is no evidence for pleural effusion. the heart is not enlarged. mediastinum is normal. there are arthritic changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
stable cm right apical pneumothora. minimal atelectasis left base. heart size normal
there has been previous aortic valve replacement. heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. the skeletal structures are normal. the soft tissues are normal.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there are scattered nodular opacities, calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
there is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. there are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. there is no pneumothora. mediastinal silhouette normal. calcified left hilar lymph .
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are no focal infiltrates. there is prominent epipericardial fat. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. right th and th rib deformities are noted. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
chest: the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. thoracic spine: mild detro curvature the upper thoracic spine. evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative endplate changes. lumbar spine: there are nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. alignment is within normal limits. vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. moderate amount of stool.
heart size is normal. cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. calcified right hilar lymph . no other nodules or masses. it is unchanged compared to a for the abdomen ct scan from . the % of the nodule is on the upper portion of the film.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lung volumes are low. there is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. minimal atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified granulomas.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. lumbar scoliosis is noted.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are etensive vascular calcifications. there is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
heart size is normal. scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified mm right apical granuloma. resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic .
bilateral enlargement of the , lymphadenopathy. consider correlation with a of the chest. sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less lymphoproliferative /lymphoma.
heart size upper limits normal. sternotomy. right-sided aortic . lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. no evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. this was not present on the recent prior study. there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there is a prosthetic valve. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
cardiomegaly. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
there is bibasilar airspace disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. there is blunting of the right costophrenic unchanged scarring. no pneumothora.
the lungs are hyperepanded, with increased ap diameter of the chest. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
sternotomy noted. suture material overlies the left upper lobe. heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. scarring left costophrenic , unchanged. calcified granulomas noted.
sternotomy are noted in . vascular clips are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft. the previously seen central venous line catheter has been removed. a left pleural effusion remains. underlying atelectasis is suspected. given differences in technique, the effusion is not to be significantly different but is favored to be lower end of moderate for size. osseous structures are remarkable for osteopenia, degenerative changes and there is some kyphosis noted to the thoracic spine.
[<heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. there is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. this is from prior eamination. there is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. lungs otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal heart and mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. bony thora intact.
no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes.
there is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior eams. no focal consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. a few bandlike opacities are present which are to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. no pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no discrete nodules are identified. there is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left th rib. appearance suggests an old rib fracture.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. scattered calcified granulomas noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. mediastinal contours are normal. surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. right-sided aortic . normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. there is right basal patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. right apical calcified granuloma noted.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. no focal lung consolidation.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest.
heart is mildly enlarged but stable. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the patient is status post valve replacement. sternotomy intact. no focal airspace disease or effusion. residuals of prior granulomatous infection. degenerative change of the spine. no pneumothora.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lung are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothora. visualized bony structures are intact. visualized soft tissues appear normal.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. there is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. there is mild air space opacity in that distribution. no airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
. low lung volumes . patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study . blunting of the costophrenic suggestive of small pleural effusions. this is seen in the posterior costophrenic recesses . esophagogastric to the in , the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. previously noted esophagogastric fleion catheter has been removed . previously noted left-sided picc line has been removed.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
there are several small calcified granulomas. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
this is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are mildly hyperepanded. some blunting of the left costophrenic represent scarring or atelectasis. no large pneumothora or effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities.
heart size is normal. mild lung hyperepansion. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
mild cardiomegaly. no overt edema. lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. no appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothora.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. mild bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
sternotomy appear intact. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal lung opacity. clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. mild emphysematous changes are noted. bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. the are generally unremarkable.
there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. there is no focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
heart size normal. lungs clear. calcified mm right midlung granuloma.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there are endplate changes within the spine.
no change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. left parahilar scar is unchanged. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size remains normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality. there are opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. no large effusion or pneumothora.
the lungs are clear. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there are sclerotic lesions within the , better visualized on the comparison scan. there are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. the appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. no consolidation. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora.
chest. the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. there is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. abdomen. there is a normal bowel pattern. there is an ivc identified. there are phleboliths in pelvis. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic on the frontal view. there is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac . airspace disease in epected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to no pleural effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate secondary to soft tissue overlay. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissues are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. calcific aorta. stable bilateral calcified granulomas. the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. bilateral interstitial prominence. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseous abnormalities.
the heart size is normal. tortuous aorta. otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. low lung volumes. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the mediastinal and hilar lymph are less prominent than previously. heart size remains normal. lungs are clear.
there is an irregular opacity projecting over the left ape. additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approimately mm in diameter. no pneumothora. no pleural effusions. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of placement of a retention in the lower cervical spine.
no active disease.
single view of chest was obtained in ap projection. limited study secondary to body habitus. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
lungs appear hyperinflated. this may be secondary to voluntary considering patient is age. clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
consolidation and costophrenic blunting persists in both lower lobes. heart and pulmonary remain normal. no infiltrates.
no active disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperepanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. aortic calcifications.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. heart size is normal. cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. no acute airspace abnormality seen. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart size is within normal limits. prominent right paratracheal soft tissues representing adenopathy. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
moderate cardiomegaly. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. there is an the right base /fluid level. the left lung is clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are hyperepanded. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. eaggerated kyphosis.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora or large pleural effusions. small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
heart size normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. calcified right and left hilar lymph . there is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. this could be consistent with sarcoidosis. the small nodular opacities were present on the old ct scan from
cardiac silhouette within normal limits. central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. tracheostomy tip approimately cm above the carina. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is a mild anterior wedge deformity of l, age-indeterminate.
heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothora large effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
comparison , . anticipated senescent changes. no acute airspace disease or chf. stable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous eamination.
postsurgical changes of the right chest. mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion . cholecystectomy.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
heart size is normal. prior calcified granulomatous disease. on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic , there is a . cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this eamination. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
sternotomy remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. the pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. lungs are epanded and clear of airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. there is mild midthoracic detroscoliosis, with the otherwise grossly intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
. tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. . ill-defined . cm . cm irregular density in the left lower lung, lower lobe. this is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation chest is recommended. a message was left with doctor ' service at pm /. . mild bilateral costophrenic blunting due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. . osteopenia. minimal loss of of an upper thoracic vertebra. . irregular . cm density projecting over the left posterior rib callus with similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. . heart size normal.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
mild cardiomegaly. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. costophrenic are . there is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. within the heart , there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring . . cm without correction for magnification. there is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. no pneumothora.
surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. there is calcified mediastinal lymph . lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from . the lungs are clear. soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. probable interstitial edema, less fibrosis.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
mild cardiomegaly. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
stable appearing hyperinflated chest. postop changes mediastinum as before. no suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions. no bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
hyperepanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. there is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. no pneumothora or effusions. mild bilateral costophrenic blunting represents pleural thickening and scarring. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
pa and lateral views were obtained. again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. no acute airspace process. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart is large. in the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of metastasis. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
nasogastric tube tip within the stomach body, stable. low lung volumes. stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
heart size normal. mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion identified. a bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. normal - of chest.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable foreign body noted over the left chest. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. calcified lymph are identified in left hilar region. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. no pleural effusion is seen.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormalities.
there is mild cardiomegaly. aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. this may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. no large effusion or visualized pneumothora. osteopenia of the spine is identified.
calcified granulomas are present. there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. this is approimately . cm in diameter. it may be secondary to overlapping structures. lungs are otherwise clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is normal. calcifications of the aortic are seen. the skeletal structures are unremarkable. there has been a left mastectomy.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
eam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. considering technical factors heart size mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. no acute pulmonary findings. thoracic spondylosis.
apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. streaky left retrocardiac densities. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion. multiple punctate round over the abdomen on the lateral view. these may reside within, or outside of the patient.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiomegaly. prominent are stable. low lung volumes. no pneumothora. minimal right costophrenic blunting. no focal infiltrates.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is unfolded. there is left base streaky opacity due to scarring or discoid atelectasis. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right th rib and the anterior t vertebral body. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. calcified aortic .
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both .
the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are calcified mediastinal lymph , with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. the lungs are well-inflated and clear. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities are seen.
there is a subtle left medial base opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. there is no pneumothora. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no acute focal airspace opacification.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified left upper lobe mm peripheral granuloma. no edema or effusions. no pneumonia
the heart is normal in size and contour. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. the lung volumes are low. there is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior eams. there are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. no focal airspace consolidation or effusion. no pneumothora.
within the right lower lobes there are airspace opacities representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. no acute osseous abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
heart size within normal limits. prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison eam. there is a cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic , increased since comparison eamination. a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior eamination. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size at the upper limits of normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothora. tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. calcified aortic . curvature of the thoracic spine. eaggerated kyphosis. are diffusely osteopenic. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior loss of several vertebral bodies.
overall low lung volumes. lungs are grossly clear. pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. this appears relatively stable compared to the prior eamination. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. degenerative changes in the spine.
negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid/lower thoracic spine. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. there is some tortuosity of the aorta. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. emphysematous changes are present. the lungs are free of active disease. deformed right ribs. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is within normal limits. the study is somewhat limited. no focal consolidation is seen.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
heart size is normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. emphysema.
lungs remain hyperepanded. no change in the right middle lobe opacification. no infiltrates or masses. pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. normal pulmonary vascularity. elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic . there is a bullet fragment overlying the left t vertebra. retained bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. no focal consolidation, visible pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear.
bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiac contours are normal. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. calcific aorta. normal vascular markings. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. right chest is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. there is no pneumothora. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. small pleural effusion is identified.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
- mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on pa view only, projects over right midlung. uncertain if this represent something within the lung or eternal to the patient. there is also a mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of ap . these findings could be further evaluated if clinically indicated. no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour normal limits. no effusions.
the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. there is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. mild perihilar opacities, edema. no pneumothora is seen.
stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph . lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. there is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion identified. irregularity of the right fifth and sith ribs stable since at and postsurgical/post traumatic in . left shoulder rotator bone anchor noted. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
right lower lobe infiltrate. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. there has been interval placement of a left chest , with its distal tip in the left sided svc
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal air is prominent consolidation. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. this is age-indeterminate.
there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. no evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothora. multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable. there is evidence of granulomatous disease.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. there is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
heart size is normal in the lungs are clear.
there is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. no overt edema. no focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
chest. both lungs clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. ankle. soft tissue is present around the malleoli. intact. mortise radiographically stable.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion. mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
. . left midlung nodule without benign calcification. ct of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. . heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. normal vascularity. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. critical results discussed . at the time of interpretation, , hours telephone.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
the pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous eam are smaller and not definitely seen. the lungs are otherwise clear. heart size normal. no pneumothora. there is a right chest with tip projecting over the lower svc.
change. no active cardiopulmonary disease. thoracolumbar scoliosis.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. trachea is midline.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no interval change is found in the bony thora. the heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. the pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. the fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule on the ct scan. no pulmonary nodule is found.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size is upper limits of normal. pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
there is no focal consolidation. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the heart size is within normal limits.
heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothora, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. no focal lung consolidation. stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. hyperepanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
lungs are hyperepanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. negative for pneumothora or large pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph unchanged. old fracture deformity of approimately t.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. no effusions. stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
hyperepanded lungs. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
there are low lung volumes. the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no nodules or adenopathy is identified.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size is normal lungs are clear. no edema or effusions.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. aorta is mildly tortuous. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size normal. lungs clear
lung volumes are low. in the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. heart and pulmonary are normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusion. mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
there is cardiomegaly. lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. there is central vascular congestion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. granulomatous sequela are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient is arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical . negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact.
evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient is arm on the lateral view. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. hyperlucent lungs with apical . negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact.
there is stable cavity in the right ape, related to prior tuberculosis infection. there is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. there is pulmonary hyperepansion. there is no large effusion or pneumothora.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum unremarkable. no change in the mediastinal surgical clips.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. aortic calcifications and tortuosity. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. stable left subclavian chest catheter tip in mid svc. lungs are well epanded. calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild loss of t and t vertebral bodies.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. hyperepanded lungs. calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no displaced rib fractures.
prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal.
there is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. there is a round bullet overlying the t vertebral body. density is seen within the right lower lobe representing hemorrhage. there is a right-sided pneumothora with mm in maimal thickness. there is right aillary subcutaneous emphysema. probable lateral right th rib fracture. the osseous structures are otherwise normal.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are hyperepanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no infiltrates or atelectasis. gallbladder clips.
persistent mm pneumothora with small amount of pleural effusion. heart size normal. enteric tube tip in the stomach. midline abdominal clips. in the right upper quadrant. bullet overlies l.
there is stable cardiomegaly. the mediastinum is unremarkable. atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.
heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is within normal limits. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. no definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. the cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
rounded . cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. negative for pneumoperitoneum.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
this study is limited by the patient body habitus. lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. there is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. there are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. the remainder of the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. old left rib fractures.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. the are unremarkable.
the heart size is within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there are scattered calcified granulomas. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
mild cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. calcified hilar . no pleural effusion or pneumothora. soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
normal cardiac contours. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities. clear lung bilaterally. no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body .
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
there are sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a cabg procedure. small t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are cholecystectomy clips. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
heart size normal. tortuous aorta. sequela primary granulomatous disease. lungs clear. minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. anterior cervical fusion . tortuous and ectatic aorta. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
decrease ill-defined mied lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic blunting. no pulmonary consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. the left costophrenic is clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment . ct ratio /
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior eaminations. no evidence of pneumothora. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. vague density in the medial right lung ape most representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. minimal thoracic spondylosis.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
heart size and vascularity normal. eternal contour normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the lungs appear clear. there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph . this was seen well on prior . there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. no active pulmonary disease. mild spondylosis.
heart and mediastinal contour normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious bony opacities. heart size slightly enlarged. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. there are sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg. there is at one left-sided coronary artery stent. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion. there is an obliquely oriented lucency through the posterior right th rib.
low lung volumes. question patchy opacity left base. no pneumothora. osseous structures intact. small right effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. no definitive pneumothora or pleural effusion. displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no definite pneumothora. no displaced fracture. small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat represents projectile fragment.
both lungs remain clear and epanded. no focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. heart and aorta are normal. no change in the large hiatus hernia. pelvis. bone density is decreased. hips are normal and symmetric. no fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. note of a severe rotatory detroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the tracheostomy tube is in stable position. right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc. the left upper etremity picc tip is in the mid svc. surgical overlie the soft tissues of the neck. the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no fibrosis. no nodules or masses. please to be followed up as per history
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. heart size upper limits normal. degenerative spurring of thoracic spine.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures are intact.
cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique. lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there are no acute bony findings.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. healed left rib fractures again noted.
right lung clear. catheter tip in upper svc. heart size appears normal. patient is a large left effusion etending up to the level of the aortic . the ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the eam and she is trying to arrange admission to for dyspnea evaluation.
heart size is normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is a detroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora. degenerative changes of the spine.
patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. no significant effusion. clear right lung. normal heart size. granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. right chest tip at svc.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. no lobar consolidation. no pneumothora.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
lungs are hyperepanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. pulmonary vasculature and are normal. no consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
the heart is significantly enlarged. prominent pulmonary vascularity. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothora. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
clear lungs. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. bilateral nipple shadows. right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. overlies the common bile duct.
mediastinum is stable. retrocardiac lucency represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. the lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. stable thoracic deformity.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. significant degenerative changes of the are again noted bilaterally.
there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
the trachea is midline. the heart size is normal. opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic , which could represent scarring or atelectasis. there is no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior eams. the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
normal heart size. no focal air space consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. there is denser lumbar scoliosis.
scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. no focal alveolar consolidation. rotated position, considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. no definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. eaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thora.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, from cholecystectomy. normal heart size. normal hilar vascular markings. the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are grossly unremarkable.
postsurgical changes of sternotomy with screw fiation of anterior plates. heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
mild left costophrenic blunting basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. left hemithora volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. right costophrenic , right lung free of focal consolidation.
there is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. additional evaluation advised. right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph . some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no effusions.
diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. degenerative changes of the shoulder. soft tissues are unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothora. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic , without definite pleural effusion.
heart size normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, represents calcified granulomas. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph , decreased in size from prior eam. heart size is normal. are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. no pleural air collections. heart and mediastinum normal. a vague lucency is present in left rib anteriorly.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior eamination. stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. right hemidiaphragm eventration. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
the heart is mildly enlarged. pulmonary vascularity is increased. there is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. there is also streaky opacity in the left base. the costophrenic are blunted.
left lung clear. heart size normal. no change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. no change right upper lobe cavitation.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal cardiac contours. clear lung bilaterally. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. stable cardiomegaly. multiple scattered round calcific densities represent old granulomatous disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
right paratracheal stripe is denser and than normal. the are normal. heart size normal. lungs clear and epanded with no infiltrates.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. moderate severe hyperepansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. scattered granulomas. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated. costophrenic are blunted, corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. there is no focal consolidation or pneumothora.
postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. there is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. no consolidative airspace opacities. blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. no demonstrable pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
moderate enlargement of the heart . this shows significant interval increase in size from the remote comparison. cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and vascularity normal. lungs are hyperepanded but clear. mediastinal contour normal. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
heart size normal. slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no pneumonia.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. there is a -a- terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothora. there is no focal airspace disease. there are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, old granulomatous infection. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
negative for cardiac enlargement. negative for vascular congestion. negative for focal confluent airspace disease. negative for pneumothora. a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. mild detro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring is noted in the lingula. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no focal consolidation. there is right lower lobe scarring. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. granulomas present. no acute bony abnormalities.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is a ap duct is calcified lymph node. the aorta is unfolded. cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. low lung volumes due to eaggerated kyphosis. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylosis.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild detro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild detro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
mediastinal contours are within normal limits. heart size is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or pleural effusion. cervical fusion . degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions. no pneumonia
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
the lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. no effusions.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. no displaced rib fractures identified.
the cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. no focal pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. for eample, there is a mm left lower lobe nodule, seen on the frontal view. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. the left hilar contour is prominent. there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. the inferior posterior sulcus is ecluded.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusions. stable calcified granulomas. cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . no acute osseous abnormality identified.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. and scattered calcified granulomas. left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are again identified. there is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. deformity of t appears worse than prior study.
cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. thoracic aorta is tortuous. patient is status post sternotomy. surgical clips are present in the left ailla. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. there is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no effusions, pneumonia, or pneumothora.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. degenerative changes thoracic spine. heart size normal limits. cholecystectomy clips.
heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. there is no acute, displaced rib fracture. bony structures are unremarkable.
aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. large hiatal hernia. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no focal opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the study. there is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
there is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. volume loss of the right hand side. there is no evidence of focal infiltrate. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. normal heart size.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there are opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. no significant pleural effusion is seen.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. stable mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no displaced rib fractures are noted. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. no consolidative airspace opacities. no radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. these are and increased from prior radiograph of , but were seen chest , with largest in the left base measuring approimately . . cm. no pleural effusion, no pneumothora. heart size is normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. the lungs are clear.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. no acute displaced rib fractures.
no active disease.
no active disease.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. stable, mild detro curvature of the spine.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are again seen. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
normal cardiac contour. clear lung bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora. there is no acute bony abnormality seen.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. multilevel cervical arthritis.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there are acute mild anterior deformities identified at l-l. there is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of l. a ct of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. there is anterior fusion at the cervicothoracic junction.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is mild blunting of the right costophrenic . there is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothora. the right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. eternal monitor leads the thora. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
heart size and vascularity normal. mediastinal contour normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
redemonstration of azygos lobe. redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous eamination. dense appearing, may be granulomatous. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. . limited eam, for evaluation of fractures. however, no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
normal heart size. density surrounding superior mediastinum refle combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. no focal airspace consolidation. moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. ureteral stents are noted on the right.
left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. remainder of the lungs appear clear.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. minimal blunting of the left costophrenic . no pneumothora. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
lungs are without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post sternotomy. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is of previous left rotator repair.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion. lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient is history. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal air space consolidations. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. normal pulmonary vascularity.
left-sided medication injection has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. the trachea is midline. etensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient is cystic fibrosis. no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. no large pneumothora has developed in the interim. the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the heart size is normal.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no displaced rib fracture.
sequelae of old granulomatous disease. vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart is mildly enlarged. lung volumes are low. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. bony structures are within normal limits. there is no free air under the diaphragm. there is a mild amount of seen in the transverse colon.
frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. accounting for technical factors heart size borderline enlarged.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. this appears unchanged.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. anchors over the left humeral head. there is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
the cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. no infiltrates in the lower lobes. heart size remains normal.
the heart is normal in size. the aorta is tortuous and ectatic. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiomegaly. interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
heart size is normal. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. no focal air space opacities. mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. marrow pneumothora, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
no airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. normal heart size. elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. there is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
the heart is enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the lungs are clear.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no abnormal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
normal cardiac contour. right sided pleural effusion. clear left lung . no pneumothora.
the heart size is mildly enlarged. the patient is post aortic valve replacement. the sternotomy are intact. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
lungs are hyperepanded. bullae are present in the upper lobes. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. low lung volumes. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
heart size is mildly enlarged. there are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approimately . cm . cm. there is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. no pleural effusions noted. the visualized bony thora appears grossly intact.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. vascular calcification is identified. calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. no nodules are seen. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. no focal airspace disease is identified.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. calcified left hilar .
lungs are hyperepanded but clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. stent is noted in the abdomen. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified granuloma are noted.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. there is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. pneumonia seen on ct eamination dated , (not seen on prior chest -) is not seen either on chest -.
no pneumothora or effusion. no pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs clear
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
there is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
there is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on pa view. this is also well seen on lateral view. remainder of the lungs appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours are normal.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. normal pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothora or large pleural effusion. elevated right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
stable appearance of previous sternotomy. stable cardiomegaly. stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. no evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no evidence for mass lung apices. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. the skeletal structures are unremarkable.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. there are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. no visualized pneumothora.
heart size is normal. the lungs and costophrenic are clear. the bony thora is grossly intact.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. fractures of the posterior left th, th, and th ribs, age-indeterminate.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. calcified granuloma right midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
the heart is enlarged. changes of sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. right pleural thickening versus pleural effusion is noted. there is no acute infiltrate. no pneumothora is seen. mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
there is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
the heart size is normal. there is prominent left epicardial fat. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
calcified left hilar lymph from prior granulomatous disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size within normal limits. tortuous aorta. there is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. no focal air space consolidations are noted. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approimately t.
images. heart size is enlarged, stable. thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. there is dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. there is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
the and soft tissue appear normal. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. the aortic is on the left. the trachea is well seen and appears normal. the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no evidence of tuberculosis
lungs appear clear. heart and pulmonary appear normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. no pneumothora.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most a calcified granuloma. lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothora. the bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. no definite pleural effusion seen. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion is identified.
there is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. they are stable tortuosity of the aorta. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothora.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
and lateral views of the chest were obtained on . the lung volumes are normal. the lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. the mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. the bony elements are not remarkable.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease. unchanged.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. no pneumothora or significant pulmonary edema. small left pleural effusion. no focal lung consolidation. mildly low lung volumes.
the lungs are hyperepanded. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothora. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
the trachea is midline. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the there are opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most dependent atelectasis. there is no pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
the lungs are hyperepanded. there are stable scattered bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, scarring. no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. no large pleural effusion. no pneumothora. heart size is normal. thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. hyperepanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. most represents is lung. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen
heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothora.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
cardiomegaly is present. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. some scattered opacities are present whose appearance scarring or atelectasis. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion is noted. no pneumothora is identified. the left hemidiaphragm is elevated. scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. there has been previous surgical resection of the left th rib.
moderate cardiomegaly. prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. mild central vascular congestion. no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion. thoracic spondylosis.
no suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. right middle lobe scarring as before. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
heart size upper limits of normal. grossly clear lungs with no effusions. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. tips stent incidentally noted.
normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. no pneumothora. opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior eam. right-sided rib fractures again noted.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. granulomas. small sized heart. minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. unremarkable.
heart size is normal. aorta is tortuous and ectatic. cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. pleural effusions or pneumothora. endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. there is no pneumothora. there is detroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. heart size normal. no pneumothora.
the lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the , similar to the prior study. there are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. there is no evidence of , focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. heart size is normal.
stable obscuration of the left cardiac , representing left pleural thickening. stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. the lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. are unremarkable.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is hyperinflation of the lungs. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
heart size within normal limits. dense mitral annular calcification. tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. no edema. lungs mildly hyperinflated. there is left basilar scarring. no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothora or effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. there is no evidence of aspiration. a . cm nodule is present within the right hilum. no moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the aortic is mildly tortuous. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. there are t-spine osteophytes. large body habitus.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. the lung are clear. there are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy and myocardial revascularization. cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. there is mild vascular congestion. small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are .
the cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. the mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior . this appears unchanged. slightly inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. this is unchanged. osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. no pneumothora or obvious pulmonary lesions seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. there is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the fissure most mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely ecluded. the remaining lungs are clear. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
borderline cardiac enlargement. enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. emphysema. no acute pulmonary abnormality. mild spondylosis.
the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior eam. lucencies throughout the chest representing emphysematous change. scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. no pneumothora. large hiatal hernia, increased from prior eam.
mild hyperinflation. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
there is a left base opacity. the right lung is grossly clear. heart size is normal. left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. there is no pneumothora.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
comparison , bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar scarring as before. clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen.
no pneumothora. heart size is normal. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no definite visualized rib fractures.
heart size is normal. no large effusions. no focal airspace opacities. no pneumothora.
there is been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. these not contours are within normal limits. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
images. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. there appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is not grossly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic deformity that is not well-characterized. arthritic changes are seen.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora grossly unremarkable.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.
there is an marked interval increase in heart size. the heart also demonstrates the configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. a small right pleural effusion the present. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pneumothora.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
heart size is normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures are intact.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. hyperinflated lungs with left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
no active disease.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseus abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is again biapical scarring. small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. the lungs are otherwise clear.
heart size within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are is somewhat low. both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion. no pulmonary nodules visualized.
low lung volumes and patient rotation. given differences in technique, heart size within normal limits. persistent right basilar opacity, atelectasis. no suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size within normal limits. there is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. there is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest in . radiographically, the findings are grossly stable.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. in the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. this measures approimately mm in diameter.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. there is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. there is no focal consolidation. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs focal airspace consolidation. there is atelectasis of the left lung base. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. cervical vertebral is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
normal heart size. diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora. heart is not enlarged. are unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous . lung volumes. mild streaky bibasilar opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, chronic fungal. no pneumothora.
moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. a large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, chronic fungal. no pneumothora.
the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. no effusions or fibrosis
borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. right-sided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild -distention of this stomach.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. again seen is evidence of prior cabg. the cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. right and left pleural effusions. there is right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. b-lines seen at the lung bases. no consolidation or pneumothora.
lungs are relatively clear. heart size normal. unfolded aorta. moderate hiatal hernia. t-spine osteophytes and dish.
right mid lung nodule stable ; etiology not determined. this is noncalcified, and is stable since a ct eamination from and is benign etiology. the lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. costophrenic clear. visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. overlying leads.
no evidence of airspace opacity. no effusion or noncalcified nodules. no evidence of pneumothora. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized of the chest are within normal limits.
pa and lateral views the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the lungs are well aerated. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
there is mild cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no pneumothora. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the are unremarkable.
there is a large calcified granuloma in the right ape. mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. the heart and mediastinum are normal. scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
. cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. . right base opacity combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. cannot eclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. . left lung relatively clear. . limited eam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. . no evidence of pneumothora.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
chest: the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a .
chest: the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact. left knee: there is no fracture-dislocation. there are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. there is no suprapatellar effusion. there is a .
calcified granulomas noted. symmetric apical scarring. the diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat shaped. the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal consolidations. no pleural effusions. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there are endplate changes within the spine.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
lung volumes remain . opacities are present in both lower lobes. old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. heart and pulmonary are normal.
cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. bony thora and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. no overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. calcified left hilar lymph . a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. bony thora is unremarkable.
chest: images. heart size is normal. mediastinal contours are maintained. there is a mild pectus ecavatum deformity. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. there is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothora. no convincing acute bony findings. right shoulder: images. there has been and screw fiation of the midshaft right clavicle. the lateral most screw is fractured. this is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. otherwise, the surgical appears intact. the humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. no bony fractures are seen. the visualized right ribs appear intact. right clavicle: images. no clavicle fracture is seen. once again noted is the surgical fiation , with fracture of the lateral most fiation screw.
the heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
right middle lobe opacity is present. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart size is within normal limits. cardiomediastinal contour is normal. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring mm in diameter. trachea is midline. the lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
lung volumes are low. the heart is large, the pulmonary are engorged. no infiltrates. opacity is present in the left midlung.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is a . cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. there is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. no pleural effusions or pneumothora.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. normal pulmonary . lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
mediastinal contours are normal. opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. no displacement of the or fissure. no pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. a calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute displaced rib fractures.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. calcified left hilar node.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. mild emphysematous changes are noted. the lungs are otherwise clear.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. otherwise the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
lungs are clear bilaterally.there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. stable aortic tortuosity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, biliary stent.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. there is no pleural effusion.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is a vague . cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. no pleural effusion. no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
there is a right picc with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. the cardiac silhouette is enlarged. no overt pulmonary edema. there are streaky bibasilar opacities. no large pleural effusion. the right hemidiaphragm is elevated. no pneumothora is identified. there are degenerative changes of the spine. bilateral surgical clips are noted.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no focal consolidation. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. chondral cartilages causing over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. left lung is clear. heart size normal. aorta tortuous.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
heart size is normal. no focal airspace disease. emphysema. bibasilar pleural scarring. no pneumothora or effusion.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are otherwise clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
chest. heart size normal lungs are clear. right knee. severe osteoarthritis all compartments
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. the mediastinum is stable. there is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, patient is known large breast mass. the appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. the lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise . there is no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
eam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. considering technical factors heart size at mildly enlarged. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
there is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. there is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. there is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion.
minimal cardiomegaly. prominent pulmonary . probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. no pneumonia
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. calcified right lower lobe granuloma the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the spine.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. low lung volumes. no focal airspace disease. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. the trachea and pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable.
persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. possible small effusions. sternotomy. heart size normal. left ij catheter tip mid svc
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node. there basilar calcified granulomas. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
chest. lungs are clear and epanded. heart size normal. a calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not since the abdomen ct. left and right knees. , spaces, and soft tissues are normal.
no comparison chest - clear lungs. no effusions. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. atherosclerosis of the aortic . minimal densities, left lung base. hyperepanded lungs. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no infiltrates. heart size remains large. tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. a right central line has its tip at the superior .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual mass/nodularity seen scan from . well-epanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. lower lung volumes on the ap projection. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. implantable cardiac are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the epected location of the mitral valve . sternotomy noted.
stable cardiomegaly. the lungs are clear. stable left lung base calcifications. no focal consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the lungs are hyperepanded consistent with emphysema. pectus carinatum is noted. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma are noted. vascular calcification is noted.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are hyperepanded. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
the lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. the heart size is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
no active disease.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
heart size normal. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. opacities in the lung bases. there are fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and fragments in the left costophrenic . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
borderline heart size. tortuous calcified aorta. elevated right diaphragm. prominent hilar contours bilaterally. no acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion.
no large pleural effusions. no pneumothora. no focal airspace opacities. heart size is normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. no focal airspace consolidation is seen. there is no pleural effusion. there is no large pneumothora. visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. pression: low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
a large pleural air collection is present on the right. mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous eamination. the right lower lobe is totally opaque.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues unremarkable.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. calcified right hilar lymph noted.
increasing cardiomegaly. no effusions. minimal interstitial edema.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
lungs are free of infiltrates. however, in the left lower lobe there is a cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. the right lung is clear. the heart, , and mediastinum are normal.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
pa and lateral views were obtained. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
there is a moderate right-sided pneumothora measuring approimately . cm in the right ape. there is a minimally displaced right lateral th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral th rib fracture. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. left lung is clear.
no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. borderline cardiomegaly. minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. normal pulmonary vasculature. no of pleural effusions. no infiltrates. normal - of chest.
prominent interstitial markings. there are small bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothora or focal consolidation. normal heart size. catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. there is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left.
no evidence of tuberculosis. heart size is normal. lungs are clear. calcified mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. there are no acute infiltrates, effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no acute bony abnormality is identified. there is slightly increased opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, in the right middle lobe. the left lung is clear. no pneumothora or effusion identified.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. stable calcification in the left upper lobe, representing a granuloma. no focal airspace opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. stable left mid lung granuloma.
mediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
lateral view, over the lingula, there is a mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
the cardiac contours are normal. scarring left base. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
compared to , there is a left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated of . there is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. no pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. chronic appearing interstitial marking. right upper lobe granuloma, stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. no convincing acute bony findings.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph . a bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior eamination.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. no acute bony abnormalities.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there are postsurgical changes of the left breast. the lungs are clear.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the left midlung. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
intact sternotomy and cabg markers. calcified granulomas. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. t-spine degenerative changes.
the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. no acute bony abnormality is identified.
lungs are hyperepanded. no infiltrates or masses in the lungs. heart size normal. no change calcified left hilar and left small granuloma.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. there are opacities in the right mid lung, subsegmental atelectasis. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
the lungs are clear. there is no pneumonia. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours appear normal. bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
the heart and mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size appears enlarged. mediastinal contours are within normal limits. lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute osseous abnormality. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. prominence of superior mediastinal, superimposed structures. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild bibasilar atelectasis.
redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last eam. lungs are otherwise clear. no evidence of pneumothora or pleural effusions present. there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from of . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no suspicion bony destruction identified.
the lungs are hyperepanded, consistent with copd. mild cardiomegaly. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
prominent interstitial markings. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora.
chest: three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approimately % bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head reflecting calcific tendinitis.
chest: three total images. the heart size is within normal limits. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. no abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. normal pulmonary vascularity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is an s-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear deformity identified. left shoulder: there is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approimately % bone width. glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. there is mild superior subluation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head reflecting calcific tendinitis.
clear lungs. heart size is normal. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are well aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart size is normal. there is tortuosity of aorta. pulmonary vascularity is normal. no focal airspace disease or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. there is no pulmonary edema. there is no focal consolidation. there are no of a large pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothora.
there is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. the aorta is tortuous. there are t-spine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
low lung volumes. heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact. left humeral head bone anchors.
heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. no pleural effusion demonstrated.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures grossly intact.
cardiomegaly is noted. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. there is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures intact.
. there is cardiomegaly. no pulmonary edema. lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. s-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. . left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus . splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not to be further localized or characterized on film. vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less .
the lungs appear hyperepanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. calcified granuloma is identified. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen.
stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. the lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
normal heart size. clear lungs. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
mild detroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. lungs are epanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation of the to be grossly intact
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
normal cardiomediastinal contours. low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. no pneumothora or pleural effusions.
winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. no visible fractures. no visible cardiopulmonary injury.
allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits.
no gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are hyperepanded. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal airspace opacities, pneumothora or pleural effusion. a calcific density in the left midlung zone represents old granulomatous disease. no acute bony abnormalities.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. eternal monitor leads the thora. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified ap lymph are seen. a small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. right inferior rib deformities.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion identified.
heart size normal. lungs are clear.
picc catheter tip mid svc. heart size normal. lungs clear.
central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. left basilar airspace opacities. no pneumothora. heart size large. unremarkable. no large pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
heart size is normal. lungs are clear. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. no effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear. the heart pulmonary are normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
stable appearance of lower cervical fusion . heart size normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. dish of the thoracic spine.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. normal heart. trachea is midline.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. there is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. left ij catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. no pneumothora is seen. the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. streaky perihilar opacities. peribronchial cuffing also noted. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contours are normal. there is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperepanded. there are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. no focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothora. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size is at the upper limits of normal. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the lungs remain hyperepanded. there are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. no focal airspace consolidation. no significant pleural effusion. no pneumothora. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. there are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. interval placement of the chest with the tip in the superior . no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion is identified.
the patient is rotated. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no focal airspace opacities. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. visualized osseous structures appear intact. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. low lung volumes. no noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no small heart size. there is a right diaphragmatic hump. the soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic , could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. visualized of the chest are within normal limits. degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. no evidence of active tuberculosis.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
soft tissue neck. the airway is . no laryngeal edema. laryngeal intact. cervical spine intact. chest. the heart is large. diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. bilateral costophrenic blunting is present.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation. cholecystectomy clips are present.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. lungs are hyperepanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
severe emphysematous disease is again noted. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no pneumothora. heart size is normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. the lungs appear hyperepanded consistent with emphysema. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is noted.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. degenerative changes of the spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
there is a near spherical shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver, measuring approimately cm in diameter. this may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. could be further evaluated with ct if clinically indicated. slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. overall clear lungs. normal mediastinal contour. no effusions.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. azygos lobe is noted. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes noted in the spine.
the lungs remain hyperepanded. no masses or infiltrates in the lungs. no pleural or mediastinal air collections. heart size normal.
heart size is within normal limits. trachea is midline. the lung volumes are slightly on the low side. lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothora. no focal consolidations. no bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. there is no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. heart size is within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
chest. a minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib . the small amount of pleural fluid is deep to the fracture. no pleural air collection. both lungs clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. note of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. right shoulder. , soft tissues, and alignment are normal. right humerus. and soft tissues are intact.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. there is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. the lungs are clear. no effusion, consolidation, or pneumothora.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified.
there has been interval performance of cabg with multiple sternotomy , surgical clips, and cabg markers. all of the sternotomy are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy appears to within the left posterior pleural space. stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. no acute bony abnormality.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothora, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact. there is a mild detro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the cardiomediastinal contours are stable. there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. there is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward deviation. no acute infiltrate is appreciated.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothora is identified. some scattered of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical remain in . the left lung appears clear.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. no pneumothora is identified. some scattered of right base atelectasis are seen. surgical remain in . the left lung appears clear.
heart size mildly enlarged for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
no focal lung consolidation. a density overlying the left costophrenic is due to overlying soft tissues. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
lungs are clear. a calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. heart size normal. mediastinum normal.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. minimal blunting of the costophrenic . no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothora. the are grossly intact. degenerative t-spine osteophytes.
large left lower lobe opacity is present. there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. there is no pneumothora. the cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. thoracic spondylosis.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal. no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures appear intact. there is a radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is eternal to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. scattered calcified granulomas.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with hypoventilatory changes. the cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. no acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
status post midline sternotomy with intact . stable mild cardiomegaly. normal lung vascularity. the lungs are clear.
stable minimal cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no pneumonia. minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine
normal heart size. mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior ct chest dated . are unremarkable.
the lungs are clear. the heart and pulmonary are normal. pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal.
heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no visible pneumothora . right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic . there is a of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
normal heart size. the lungs are clear without pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the trachea is midline and .
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are hyperepanded. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
lung volumes are mildly decreased. the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. there is bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. there is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral and lung parenchyma. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. opacities reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse compared to prior study. lung volumes are low. heart size and pulmonary are normal. there no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. the patient is status post sternotomy. there calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
unchanged cardiomegaly. there is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. unchanged vascular appearance. there is patchy retrocardiac opacity. negative for pneumothora.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size. prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. normal mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size near top normal limits for technique. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not enlarged. some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. the skeletal structures are normal.
left picc line and ng tube remain in . heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. small bilateral pleural effusions are present. no pneumothora is noted.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. a mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior th right rib on the frontal view.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. sequela of prior granulomatous disease lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis. degenerative changes of the spine.
no comparison chest -. no evidence of active tuberculosis. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated. no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. the left lung appears clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. the lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. large cervical spine osteophytes.
the heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph . the osseous structures are intact.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. low lung volumes. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. low lung volumes. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. the stomach contour normal. there is right hemidiaphragm elevation. lungs are clear. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size upper limits of normal. the infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which represents appearance for the patient but difficult to completely eclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs. no airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. no effusions or edema. mediastinal contour unremarkable.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. suspected artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. normal .
heart size normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. bony structures appear intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. lungs are grossly clear. postsurgical changes from cabg are noted. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. pectus carinatum is noted. calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. mild deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
no active cardiopulmonary disease.
the heart is mildly enlarged. the mediastinal contours are stable. the lungs are clear.
the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. aortic appear unremarkable. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. lung volumes are slightly low. there are streaky left basal opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute osseous findings. no free air is demonstrated.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothora.
mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory . no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. right hemidiaphragm eventration. heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. there is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. no focal consolidation or pneumothora. stable tunneled dialysis catheter. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. a lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and entering from subclavian approach. the tip is noted in the superior inferiorly. no pneumothora identified. the lungs appear clear. few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. previously seen left-sided picc line has been removed.
left noted with tip approimating the high svc, stable. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. heart size is normal limits. degenerative changes thoracic spine.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. conveity also present on the previous eam.
there are intact midline sternotomy and postsurgical changes of prior cabg. the aorta is unfolded. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
heart size is within normal limits. no edema. bandlike scarring in the right base. no pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothora. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. large hiatal hernia is present. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. vascular calcification is noted. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the lungs are clear. no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. no edema. no pleural effusions or pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the patient is status post cabg. a few opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
chest: the heart is enlarged. there may be a pericardial effusion. no definite pulmonary edema is seen. lungs appear clear. there is no pleural effusion. the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. kub : single view of the abdomen was obtained. the bowel pattern is nonspecific. there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. the skeletal structures appear normal.
there is borderline cardiomegaly. mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. lungs are clear. no pleural fluid or pneumothora is appreciated.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. the aorta is calcified and tortuous. there is detroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. multiple thoracic deformities appear unchanged. there is no displaced rib fracture identified. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. there is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. calcified right paratracheal lymph are seen. aorta is atherosclerotic. the lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. there is no pleural effusion.
bilateral calcified granulomas. no acute airspace disease. no effusions. heart size upper limits of normal. unremarkable mediastinal contour. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
ap and lateral views were obtained. bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. stable cardiomegaly. no pneumothora. mild pulmonary vascular congestion.
device compatible tracheostomy is in , with tip approimately - centimeters above carina. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the aorta is atherosclerotic. there are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. there is no pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no focal opacity. there is no pneumothora. there is no large pleural effusion.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the lungs are clear. no focal consolidations. the osseous structures are intact.
cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. no visible pneumothora, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. no visible free air under the diaphragm. the osseous structures appear intact.
the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
lung volumes remain low. no infiltrates. heart and pulmonary are normal.
soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. heart size is upper limit of normal. lung are clear. no effusion or pneumothora. calcified lymph stable from prior eam.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. mediastinal contours appear normal. there is no pneumothora.
heart size upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothora. pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. there are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
no active disease.
frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. there is aortic vascular calcification. and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. no pleural effusion. there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
. all lines and tubes in stable , position. . limited portable study with stable appearance of lung with stable widened mediastinum . no acute findings/pneumothora noted.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis. the lateral view shows a left pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothora. stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. low lung volumes.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality. there are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. mild hyperepansion of the lungs. stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in . no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute osseous abnormality.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
cardiomegaly. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. clear lung bilaterally.
the cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal there is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothora. clear lungs there are no large pleural effusions no evidence of displaced fractures.
heart size normal. no fibrosis. right apical and left base mm calcified granulomas. calcified hilar lymph . no effusions.
heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the . tortuous aorta.
heart size normal. sternotomy and bypass grafting. lungs are clear. no effusions, edema, or pneumonia.
stable , including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. subcarinal calcified lymph . lung volumes. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute bone abnormality.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear. heart is normal size. trachea is midline. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. the osseous structures are intact.
clear lungs bilaterally. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal cardiac contour.
the heart is not enlarged. the bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. the lungs are hyperepanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no focal areas of consolidation.
blunting of the costophrenic represents scarring. no pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. there is no focal consolidation. no pneumothora is present. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. there are calcified right hilar granulomas. there is mild thoracic detroscoliosis.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with atelectasis. the cardiac silhouette is unchanged. there is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
there is a mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this appears from the prior study. the lungs otherwise appear clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
well circumscribed mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous eamination years ago. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
heart size borderline enlarged. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. no focal airspace disease. low lung volumes. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. the lungs are hyperepanded with flattened diaphragms. no acute bony abnormalities. no effusion or infiltrate. no pneumothora or pneumomediastinum.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. there is a like deformity of the anterior corte of the body (lateral view). negative for retrosternal density. prior cholecystectomy. critical result notification documented through primordial.
patient is status post cabg. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified granuloma is noted.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissue is unremarkable.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions. no pneumothora. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph . left lateral lung calcified granuloma. lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute osseous abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
there are no acute osseous abnormalities. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothora.
heart size within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. stable cardiomegaly and features of cabg. interval removal of left picc line, no pneumothora.
density in the left upper lung on pa represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. there is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which contributes to this appearance. the lungs otherwise appear clear. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. in the pleural spaces are clear. the mediastinal contour is normal. there are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. there is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.
heart size is normal. right lung clear. there is a cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. this could represent pneumonia or a tumor. recommend followup radiology until clear.
heart normal. lungs clear. upper lobe and emphysema.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. there is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. there are degenerative changes of the spine.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from . left lung clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. sternotomy . aortic calcifications. mild interstitial edema. no focal infiltrate. no effusion or pneumothora. mild cardiomegaly.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are stable. aortic calcifications are noted. there are small calcified lymph . emphysema and chronic changes are identified. there is opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. there is questionable etension to the pleural surface. this may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate no acute findings. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. calcified lymph are demonstrated in the left hilum. no focal pulmonary consolidation. diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient is history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. no pneumothora or pleural effusion demonstrated. the thoracic spine appears intact.
heart size is within normal limits. aorta is tortuous. remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothora. no bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the costophrenic are blunted. the interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. no focal consolidation is seen.
normal heart. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. streaky bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. vague opacity in the right midlung. scattered calcified granulomas. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
there are lower lung volumes. there is central bronchovascular crowding. volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the lungs are hypoventilated. there is no focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
eamination was performed with nipple markers. the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today is study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are otherwise clear.
views of the chest demonstrate sternotomy and mild thoracic detroscoliosis. incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure. the heart is mildly enlarged and pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the left than on the right, but the lungs appear clear, with no evidence of pleural effusion.
calcified thoracic aorta. mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison , secondary to a goiter. heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or effusions. advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
stable cardiomegaly. improved aeration in the left lung base. right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. right internal jugular central line has been removed. left subclavian line is stable.
heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given ap projection. the right lung appears clear. there is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is a partially visualized ivc on the lateral view. there are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
. left picc in the mid svc. negative for pneumothora. . unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. . stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle.
normal heart size and mediastinal contours. calcified aortic . calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. coronary artery stent.
the heart is again enlarged. aorta is tortuous. the lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. lungs are epanded and clear airspace disease. negative for pneumothora or pleural effusion. limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in study. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
interval removal of left-sided chest tube. small residual left apical pneumothora has increased slightly in size the prior eam, now measuring approimately . cm from the thoracic ape. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion.
the cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. central vascular markings are mildly prominent. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. stable mm right midlung perform granuloma
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. there are etensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous eam. the left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothora. there is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
normal heart size mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
cardiomegaly is present. this is unchanged. there is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. no focal airspace disease is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is identified.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
lungs are overall hyperepanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. there are epansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous /ct. findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the posterior costophrenic are ecluded on the lateral view. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothora. normal heart size. bony thora and soft tissues unremarkable
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there has been a sternotomy. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior eam. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
there may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
lung volumes are decreased from , and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. no evidence of focal airspace disease. no definite pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. no free subdiaphragmatic air. grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy . the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothora. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
the mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy . the heart size is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothora. visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen.
heart size is at upper limits normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no focal airspace consolidation.
cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. mildly low lung volumes. no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. correlate clinically for of infection/pneumonia. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. no edema. normal heart size. mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. negative for acute displaced rib fracture. bilateral nipple jewelry.
low lung volumes. normal heart size. no pneumothora. no large effusion. no focal infiltrate.
no active disease.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. right lung is grossly clear. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no pneumothora. no large pleural effusion.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. normal heart size. normal pulmonary vascularity. bony thora intact.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
lung volumes are low. no focal infiltrates. heart and pulmonary normal. an indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior .
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
chest. normal heart size. mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no focal infiltrates or masses. no pneumothora or visible pleural fluid. no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. osseous structures unremarkable. abdomen: there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. no air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. no suspicious calcifications. there is curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
heart size is normal. no effusions. interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. less on the right lung. this may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the eam. further evaluation may require ct with iv contrast and high-resolution scans.
lungs are clear. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
calcified left hilar lymph node. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size is enlarged. cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous eam. there is blunting of the right costophrenic old pleural scar. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. a left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. there is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the .
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiac contours are normal. atherosclerotic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
heart size within normal limits. no focal airspace disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. no focal airspace disease. left upper lobe granuloma. no evidence of active tuberculosis. stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic . no pneumothora. the are intact.
diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. there are surgical clips in the right ailla region.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
normal heart size. normal pulmonary vasculature. normal mediastinal contours. lung parenchyma is clear. no airspace disease. no pulmonary edema. no of pleural effusions. no of active cardiopulmonary disease.
cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings.
compared to prior eamination, stent has been removed. cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. there are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. there is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. pulmonary vasculature is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality.
there is stable cardiomegaly. right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. prominent interstitium is stable. no focal infiltrate. no pneumothora. visualized osseous structures intact.
the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. there is no evidence of pneumothora or large pleural effusion. the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the are unremarkable.
. widened upper mediastinal silhouette. may represent vascular shadows eaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. however, the setting of , upper mediastinal hematoma not ecluded. depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. . mild cardiomegaly appears stable. no edema. no layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothora. there is minimal left basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approimately mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung . these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are grossly clear.
heart size upper limits of normal. pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. no consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. this could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. this is similar to prior imaging.
mediastinal contours are normal. unchanged opacity in the left lung base, scarring. lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. sternotomy noted. inferior sternotomy is disrupted.
heart size is top normal. mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. there are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothora. lower anterior cervical spine fusion .
there is hyperepansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with copd. no focal lung consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. no displaced rib fractures.
sternotomy remain in . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the thoracic aorta is tortuous. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. no acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
heart size is mildly enlarged. tortuous aorta. lungs are normally inflated and clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. calcified left coronary arteries noted. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. there are severe arthritic changes of the with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. there is no lobar consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
mild cardiomegaly. changes of chronic lung disease. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
the lung volumes are low. however as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. stable detroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal . the tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine.
left knee. moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. chest. heart size normal. lungs clear.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. calcified granuloma are present. degenerative changes are present in the spine.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour ( visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
heart size is within normal limits. tortuous aorta. clear lungs. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. right lower lung granuloma.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
heart size normal. calcified right hilar lymph . lungs are clear. no edema or effusion.
low lung volumes. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is normal. mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
stable appearing chest. no acute airspace disease or effusions. stable mediastinal contour. small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest - from . no acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. a right humeral intramedullary is noted incidentally, without evidence of complicating features.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
ap view was obtained due to patient condition. low volume lungs. no focal lung consolidation. the heart is not enlarged. no pleural effusion.
no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mildly prominent perihilar opacities, due to bronchovascular crowding. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is . the bony structures appear intact.
heart size is normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. no airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities. right upper quadrant surgical clips.
low lung volumes. elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. patchy opacities right base again noted. left lung clear. heart size top normal. aortic calcification. granulomas. no evidence of pneumothora. blunting of the bilateral costophrenic . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
there are masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart measuring up to . . cm. the appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of right-sided breast cancer.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
no acute osseous abnormality. scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. normal heart size. tortuous and dilated aorta. chronic interstitial markings. left base opacity. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. no visible pneumothora or large pleural effusion. mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior th rib on the frontal view. no focal bony abnormality identified.
images. moderate thoracic detroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. heart size is normal. no focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. the thoracic spine appears intact. no acute, displaced rib fractures.
and lateral chest eamination was obtained. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with atelectasis without significant change. there is no effusion or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
heart size is normal. minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. degenerative disease of thoracic spine. stable left lower lobe mm granuloma adjacent to the heart .
there are midline sternotomy and mediastinal clips consistent with prior cabg. the heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. there is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. there is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there multilevel degenerative spine changes.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. the lungs are well-aerated. there is no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view, with correlate on lateral view. degenerative spine.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. the aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. the lungs are hyperepanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. there is no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or effusion. no acute bony abnormality. stable left proimal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since .
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. the lungs are clear.
there are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. there is surgical clips projected over the left lung ape, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
mild cardiomegaly. there are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
normal heart size and mediastinal contour. atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
there is opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora or definite pleural effusion. heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. no acute osseous injury demonstrated.
heart size and mediastinal contour normal. there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. this has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. more focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. no lobar consolidation or effusion. no pneumothora.
heart size is at the upper limits of normal. the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. no non-calcified nodules are identified.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart and mediastinum within normal limits. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic vascular calcification. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. the cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. there is aortic vascular calcification. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged.
the lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
mediastinal cardiac size stable. no pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. pulmonary granulomas. no acute pulmonary process. no acute displaced rib fractures.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no nodules, masses, effusions, or pneumonia
. patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. aspiration or edema are also possible but less . . lung volumes . no pneumothora
lower cervical and upper thoracic spinal fiation . multiple sternotomy . bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. the lungs appear clear.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are intact.
no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. osseous structures are grossly intact.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no large pleural effusion or pneumothora. the are intact.
stable moderate cardiomegaly. mediastinal contours are unchanged. stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. decreased left basilar airspace disease. no visible pleural effusion or pneumothora.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
clear lungs. no infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not enlarged. there are calcified mediastinal lymph . the skeletal structures are normal.
no focal consolidation, pneumothora, or large pleural effusion identified. stable blunting of the right costophrenic due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph . changes in the lungs consistent with copd/emphysema. cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. opacity in the left ape consistent with radiation change seen on prior ct.
there is an s-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal infiltrate, pneumothora or pleural effusion identified.
lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. there is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most represents the svc with rotated position. are unremarkable.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
lungs are clear. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. bony structures are intact.
no acute osseous abnormality. degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. soft tissue structures are within normal limits. there is stable enlargement of the heart. stable prominent mediastinal contours. central vascular congestion. mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. bilateral pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
no acute osseous abnormalities. mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. soft tissues are within normal limits. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
. low lung volumes . lungs appear clear . heart and pulmonary are normal . pleural spaces are clear
a right-sided chest remains in with the distal tip at the level of the mid svc. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the right lung is clear. there is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. no pneumothora. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. detroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
both lungs remain hyperepanded. no focal infiltrates. a small pleural or collection is present in the right ape. however, it has decreased considerably since the previous eamination. heart size remains normal.
the heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. there is prominence of the central pulmonary suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. there has been removal of the right-sided picc line. there is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic blunting which is not evident on the lateral eam. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is no pneumothora.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left .
no heart size is normal. the lungs are clear. no nodules or masses. bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior th ribs. minimal fibrosis in the right ape, may be due to radiation treatment.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. bony structures appear intact. heart size normal.
heart size is normal. no pneumothora or focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
mild cardiomegaly. densely calcified aorta. prominence of the pulmonary outflow and most indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. there is no overt edema. the right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and left pleural effusions. no pneumothora.
frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying eternal cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
in the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. the previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. the mediastinum remains normal. heart size normal.
pa and lateral views. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. no effusions, consolidation or pneumothora.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
images. heart size is normal. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there are costochondral calcifications. the lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. old left clavicle fracture noted.
the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the lungs are clear. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion , or focal airspace disease. heart size within normal limits. cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. bony structures appear intact.
clear lungs. enlarged left ventricle. a tortuous dilated aorta. no pneumonia
the lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. there is no pneumothora or large pleural effusion.
the heart is top normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are grossly clear. bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
heart size normal. slight tortuous aorta. the lungs are clear. no effusions or edema
there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg, and stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. visualized osseous structures appear intact.
. worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. negative for pneumothora. . normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. . left upper etremity picc terminates in the lower svc. .
no comparison chest -. well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
. heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. no lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. no pneumothora. . approimately cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. not showing benign type calcification, consider followup of the chest for characterization.
the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. there is mild calcification of the aortic , consistent with atherosclerosis. the lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are clear without infiltrate. there is no effusion or pneumothora. moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. no focal alveolar opacities. low lung volumes. heart size is normal. no pneumothora or pleural effusions.
the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. there is stable mild deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
compared to prior chest radiograph from , there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. . cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior eamination from . no nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothora identified. there are bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. there is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without pulmonary edema. no acute bony abnormality.
postop changes of cabg with mild cardiomegaly. there is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. thoracic spondylosis.
the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
unchanged cardiomegaly. negative for pneumothora or focal consolidation. no large effusion. mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. no pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothora is identified. no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. degenerative changes are present in the spine. right -a- has been inserted since the previous study. the tip projects over the lower superior .
eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. no evidence of pneumothora. generalized lung volumes. no definite pleural effusions. heart size within normal limits. osseous structures intact.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact.
diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. central vascular congestion. no pneumothora or focal consolidation. no pleural effusion. heart size normal.
the heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
[&lt;the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.&gt;] etensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal suggests possible right versus detrocardia. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
heart size is normal. no pneumothora, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. bony structures appear intact.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
heart size normal.no significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. small residual right pneumothora. increased right base atelectasis.catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is.
normal heart size. bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. no pneumothora or large pleural effusions. left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. no significant pulmonary edema. low lung volumes. eaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. interval deformity of the vertebral body the level of the two vertebroplasty .
there are mildly diminished lung volumes. cardiac silhouette is normal in size. normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
no active disease.
there are scattered opacities in the left lower lobe. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. there is prominence of the right and left hilum representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation, pneumothora or large pleural effusion. normal .
chest. mildly hyperepanded lungs. the right lung base is ecluded from view. no visualized consolidation. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size is unremarkable. abdomen. there are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. there is etensive stool seen throughout the descending colon. supine eaminations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. there is bilateral hip degenerative change.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. pulmonary vasculature appears normal. there is no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is stable. postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. the lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . there is no pneumothora.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusions or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormalities.
cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. bony thora is unremarkable.
the heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous eam. the mediastinum is unremarkable. there is no pleural effusion, pneumothora, or focal airspace disease. the are unremarkable.
there is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. stable mediastinal silhouette. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. scattered opacities in the right lung base representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. no pneumothora. no pleural effusion. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with dish.
the eamination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora identified. multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. right chest tip in the low svc. right granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. no pneumonia or effusion. no nodules or masses.
eamination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic and posterior costophrenic sulci are ecluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothora within the limits of the study.
eamination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic and posterior costophrenic sulci are ecluded. patient is rotated to the right. heart size upper limits normal, but stable. mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. no large effusion, no visible pneumothora within the limits of the study.
comparison , . well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. stable chest.
there is a in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior . the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. there is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothora. there are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
heart size normal. lungs clear. normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. heart size within normal limits. no pneumothora.
slight cardiomegaly. lungs are clear. no rib abnormalities are seen. the lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality. left-sided picc line has been placed in the interval with tip in the innominate vein.
stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. no focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
comparison , well-epanded and clear lungs. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
the trachea is midline. the heart is large, unchanged from prior eam. slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by ap portable technique. there are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. the lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothora. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs.
the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
lungs are overall hyperepanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. the are normal in appearance.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora.
the cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is no definite focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there is no pneumothora.
the heart size is normal. no pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. no focal airspace opacities.
normal heart size. no of pleural effusions. there appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. similar changes appear to have been present scan focused on the abdomen . for more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider with high resolution technique. there are no of acute airspace disease. no lung masses visualized. visualized bony structures have normal appearance.
left picc line remains in . the tip projects over the upper svc. it has moved outward since the previous study. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. there is blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
heart size within normal limits. no alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothora.
the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
there is a stable closure device projected over the heart. the heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. there is stable scarring of left mid lung. the lungs are otherwise clear. there is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothora.
cardiomegaly. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusions. no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures intact. levocurvature of the thoracic spine. lumbar vertebral body stabilization .
cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. lungs are clear bilaterally. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar detroscoliosis with mild eaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
the bony thora is intact and the heart size is normal. the lung are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. we again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies.
mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc. the lungs appear to be clear. no pleural effusion is seen. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
there is increased size of left pneumothora, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. this pneumothora measures up to . cm in maimum width at the ape. there is no significant mediastinal shift. the right lung remains clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. there is a small left pleural effusion/hemothora. no focal air space opacities. no free subdiaphragmatic air.
there are no focal areas of consolidation. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. there is no evidence of pneumothora. osseous structures are intact.
the lungs appear clear. there are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. the heart and pulmonary appear normal. the pleural spaces are clear. mediastinal contours are normal. there is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior level.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. no acute bone abnormality.
apical lordotic frontal view. considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. masslike opacification of right ape. no pneumothora or large pleural effusion. are grossly normal.
unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. the trachea is midline. negative for pneumothora, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. the heart size is mildly enlarged. mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. pulmonary artery prominence.
the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothora, or pleural effusion. cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thora are without acute abnormality.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear.
. chest. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. . left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
. chest. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. . left hip. advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis.
ap and lateral views of the chest were obtained. the heart is normal size. mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are hypoinflated but clear. no focal consolidation is seen.
cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the lungs are clear. bony structures are intact.
both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. sternotomy overlie the heart.
heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothora is identified. spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
the heart size is normal. the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. there is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. there are no nodules or masses. no visible pneumothora. no visible pleural fluid. the are grossly normal. there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
heart size normal. lungs are clear. are normal. no pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothora, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. there is biapical scarring. no acute infiltrate is seen.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
the heart and lungs have in the interval. both lungs are clear and epanded. heart and mediastinum normal.
chest: the heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. there are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. right knee: there are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. there is no fracture or dislocation. left knee: there is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. the of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. there is no fracture or dislocation.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothora. mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
left lower lobe segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
left lower lobe segment pneumonia. heart size normal. lungs otherwise clear. no effusion
the lungs hyperepanded suggesting emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothora is seen. osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. the bony structures are normal.
the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. there is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothora. the bony structures are normal.
heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. the appearance is unchanged. there is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. these are also unchanged. no focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is noted.
the lungs are hyperepanded consistent with emphysema. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pneumothora or pleural effusion is seen. patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. degenerative changes are present spine.
no focal consolidation. no visualized pneumothora. no large pleural effusions. heart size normal. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
normal heart size. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no pleural effusion or pneumothora. are intact.
normal heart size. mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. no focal air space consolidation. no pneumothora or pleural effusion. visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
heart size moderately enlarged. mild left costophrenic blunting. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothora. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal.
normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidation, pneumothora, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. no focal bony abnormality.
there is a left basilar airspace opacity. right basilar atelectasis. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. no pneumothora or pleural effusions. the are intact.
the lungs appear clear. the thoracic aorta remains tortuous. the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be ecluded on this study . a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. the pleural spaces are clear.
no pneumothora, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. are intact.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
no acute osseous abnormality. stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. no focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothora.
no acute osseous abnormalities. left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. no pneumothora. small calcified cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
heart size within normal limits. right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
the cardiac contours are normal. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis.
prior sternotomy. midline sternotomy . normal heart size. vascular congestion. no overt edema or lobar pneumonia. no pleural effusion.
the heart is mildly enlarged. left hemidiaphragm is elevated. there is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. the mediastinum is unremarkable.
similar mild cardiomegaly. of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. no focal consolidations or effusions. no pneumothora. no acute bony abnormality.
the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and epansion of the retrosternal clear space. compared with prior eam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. there is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. there is no focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothora or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings.
the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. no pneumothora. there are endplate changes in the spine.
heart size within normal limits. small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. this does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more represents a granuloma. no pneumothora or effusions.
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
the cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. the mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. the lungs appear clear. the osseous structures are within normal limits.
